Nollywood actor, Deyemi Okanlawon, has penned an open letter to the Labour Party candidate, Thaddeus Attah, who won the Eti-Osa Federal Constituency seat in the House of Representatives in Saturday’s elections. On Friday, the actor questioned Attah’s plans for Eti-Osa via his Instagram account. Okanlawon said that he only became aware of him after he was declared the winner, and that he voted for his colleague, Bankole Wellington, aka Banky W, who ran for the same seat on the Peoples Democratic Party platform, adding that he would have been the best candidate for the job. He wrote an open letter to Attah, inviting him to join him online for a live Instagram conversation to address concerns and answer questions because he has done extensive research on him and has yet to find anything about his plans for Eti-Osa. Part of what he wrote reads, “OPEN LETTER TO HOR-ELECT THADDEUS ATTAH. Dear Sir, I’ll like to use this opportunity to congratulate you, Mr. Thaddeus Attah #jt.atta of the Labour Party(LP), as the winner of the Eti-Osa Federal Constituency seat in the House of Representatives. Before I go ahead with what I will like to say, I will like to fully disclose that I voted for Mr. Bankole Wellington of the Peoples Democratic Party as I honestly thought he would have been the best candidate for the job. “I do have immense faith in our discernment as a people to elect the right candidate, however I am also quite worried about the role tribal sentiments, cyberbullying and herd mentality on all sides has played in our electoral process. “That being said, I am a firm believer in democracy and I would want nothing more than for the people’s wish to prevail so once again I congratulate you Sir. “Mr Attah, same as with a lot of Lagosians, I only first heard of you when you were announced the winner a few days ago. Since that time I have made a significant effort to find out as much as possible about our newly elected federal HOR candidate. To my surprise, my quest for answers left me even more puzzled as to who you really are as well as what your qualifications, past precedents and plans are for the people of Eti-Osa. “With little or no online presence, and for someone that overthrew both an incumbent and a public figure, I am yet to find any indications of your campaign manifesto. It would therefore be a great pleasure if you Sir will do me the honour of accepting an invitation to join me online for a live Instagram conversation this weekend to address concerns and respond to questions many others like myself may have. 