   In commemoration of the 2023 World Consumers Rights Day (WCRD), beverage giant Nestle Nigeria will partner and host members of Brand Journalists Association of Nigeria (BJAN), on March 15, 2023, at its Agbara plant, Ogun state. The idea is to empower the body of writers that cover the Integrated Marketing Communications Industry (IMC) on the topic related to clean energy transition and sustainable development goals with regards to the environment. World Consumers Rights Day, is a global event celebrated every March 15, with the aim to raise awareness about the rights of consumers. The theme for this year is: “The Green Economy: Building a Cleaner Safer World for Consumers”. READ ALSO: Nestlé’s Golden Morn trains young Agripreneurs on sustainable food systems The theme was adapted from the 2023 WCRD global theme, “Empowering Consumers through Clean Energy Transitions,” to suit the Nigerian society. Every year BJAN joins the world to celebrate the global event by drawing attention to the rights of the consumers, and this year, it plans to do the same on March 15. According to BJAN Chairman, Clara Chinwe Okoro, this year’s event will focus on the need to keep the environment safe. “In keeping the environment safe, Brand writers will have the opportunity to hear from a global brand that has been in the business of sustainability for a long time”, Clara said. READ ALSO: Nestlé partners IDH, TechnoServe for improved livelihoods for smallholder farmers Nestle Nigeria has consistently over the past years demonstrated commitment in the area of sustainable growth and development for the environment, agriculture, clean energy value chain management. This year’s partnership with BJAN to celebrate the WCRD marks the first of its kind in the industry. The day raises global awareness about consumer rights, consumer protection and empowerment. World Consumer Rights Day is a perfect opportunity to demand that the rights of all consumers are respected and protected. The day also educates people against market abuses and social injustices so that consumers don’t fall prey to any fraudulent activities.   