    Professor Ibrahim Adamu Yakasai of Bayero University in Kano State has spoken out against the February 25 election result announced by the Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Yakubu Mahmood. The professor, who served as Election Officer for the 2023 Tudun Wada/Doguwa House of Representatives election, testified that the result he announced on February 26, 2023, was under pressure for fear of his life and other INEC officials who were with him to lose. In a letter, he stated that his gathering area was completely besieged by thugs who threatened to burn down the INEC facility if he didn’t announce the result within an hour. READ ALSO: INEC goes to Appeal Court against  use of temporary voter Cards in gov, assembly elections “I served as Electoral Officer for the 2023 Tudun Wada/Doguwa House of Representatives elections, the results of which I announced on February 26, 2023, were fake. “However, I would like to testify that the statement I made was under duress for fear of losing my life and that other INEC officials were with me. The collation area was completed under siege and threatened to burn down the INEC facility if I didn’t report the result within an hour. “I was completely traumatized, hopeless, and confused which did not give me the mental stability to work through the electoral law and electoral guidelines as areas or polling stations where elections were canceled, and not compared to the total number of accredited voters on the fringes. “Findings that led to the statement and finally the situation my colleagues and I found ourselves in could not allow us to deal with the complaints about the non-use of BVAS in some polling stations. “I hope that my testimony will be kindly examined and that the necessary action will be taken under Section 65 of the Elections Act 2022. READ ALSO: Transfer of former ICT director not cause of glitches with results upload – INEC In response to the letter, Dino Melaye, spokesman for the Presidential Electoral Council of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP). A professor is writing to denounce the election results he announced in the election that just ended. Recall that INEC had declared majority Leader of the House of Representatives, Ado Doguwa, winner of House of Reps in Tudun Wada, Doguwa federal constituency of Kano State. INEC faulted Mr Doguwa’s victory days after Mr Doguwa was arrested, charged and arraigned on murder charges which he allegedly committed on the day of the election. The Federal High Court in Kano on Monday granted bail to Mr. Doguwa, who was detained over alleged complicity in the murder of three members of his constituency.  