   Manchester United can finally land their targeted prolific striker Harry Kane following the reports reaching National Daily. It was gathered that the Old Trafford club have contacted the England captain’s representatives and are believed to be ‘encouraged’ by talks over a summer move. National Daily can confirm that the 29-year-old has long been linked with a move to United and this summer looks set to be the perfect opportunity with Erik ten Hag keen to sign a striker and the Tottenham star’s contract due to expire next year. It is understood that despite interest for Kane from Bayern Munich, the Englishman is likely to want to remain in the Premier League as he looks to break Alan Shearer’s all-time scoring record. Meanwhile, United are hopeful that Spurs will drop their £100m asking price, if they fail to qualify for next season’s Champions League according to The Sun. Tottenham lost to Wolves on Saturday and will drop out of the top four on goal difference if fifth-placed Liverpool win their game in hand. Spurs are desperate for Kane to sign a new deal but they could be forced to listen to offers if he announces his intention to leave at the end of the season. Kane has long spoken about his desire to win trophies and with Spurs unlikely to land any silverware again this term – with their last major trophy coming in 2008 – he may decide to finally leave north London. Manchester City tried to sign Kane four times in the summer of 2021 but Tottenham refused to sell the England captain, who has since become the club’s all-time record goalscorer. National Daily gathered that United’s ex-defender Rio Ferdinand has previously advised Kane to leave Tottenham if he wants to win trophies and with Louis Saha has predicted that the 29-year-old will end up signing for the Red Devils. Meanwhile, Spurs former boss Harry Redknapp, expressing his thought this week maintained: ‘He looked low [after the FA Cup exit to Championship side Sheffield United]. ‘Maybe he’s thinking to himself it looks like I’m never going to win a trophy here [at Tottenham]. ‘He must be having doubts about it when they keep getting knocked out of competitions like they did [against Sheffield United].’ 