   Operatives of the Nigerian Army and those of the Department of State Security Services have begun a manhunt for a popular transport union member in relation to the recovery of one thousand six hundred and seventy one (1671) Permanent Voters ‘ Card (PVC) in the Olodi Apapa area of Lagos State. Three persons have already been arrested in connection with the incident, while the prime suspect escaped. The transport union member, simply identified as Confirm, has also reportedly been linked to the early Wednesday arson and killing of a security man at the Akere Auto Spare Parts Market, also in Olodi Apapa. The 9 Brigade of the Nigerian Army had on Wednesday announced the recovery of the PVC s in an apartment, which reportedly belong to confirm. Apart from the PVC, the security operatives also reportedly recovered some ballot papers from the apartment. Cutlasses, wraps of Indian hemp and other dangerous weapons were also recovered from the apartment. READ ALSO: EFCC arrests 3 for possession of 20 PVCs in Benin Brigade Commander, Brig. Gen. Isang Akpaumontia, paraded the arrested suspects before newsmen on Wednesday and said that the arrest was as a result of tip off from the public. Brig. Gen. Akpaumontia, said “Earlier on Wednesday three young men were arrested with 1,671 PVCs.  This was after an early information was received. With the   support of the Department of State Services, DSS, we were able to arrest them.” The Brigade Commander also stated that “They were arrested with some drugs, dagger,   charms and over one thousand PVCs.” “They were arrested at the Apapa general area, in a house where we traced them. Owner of the house, who is the prime suspect, was traced   to a hotel. But he took off.” He also said that “We are going to hand these suspects and exhibits over to our immediate headquarters to do the needful because things have to be done the way they should, so as to discourage others who think they can take laws into their own hands and go scot-free”. The army chief also stated that “However, the suspects who gave their names simply as Seun, Toheeb and Kazeem  claimed the apartment, recovered PVCs and ballot papers belonging to the  fleeing prime suspect, who they described as their master..  