  A former governor of Anambra state, Chukwuemeka Ezeife, says it will be impossible for the country to achieve one Nigeria if Bola Tinubu is sworn in as the next President on May 29. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), on Wednesday, declared Tinubu, candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), as the winner of the polls. Ezeife said despite alleged manipulations, the election showed there is still hope for a new Nigeria. “The presidential election revealed so many things to Nigerians and I thank God for that. I thank all the foreign powers who commented on the election and condemned the integrity of the election,” he said. READ ALSO: Tinubu sets up committee for reconciliation, invites Atiku, Obi, Kwankwaso for dialogue “I do not believe that Tinubu, my friend will be sworn in as president. If that is done, it would be a disaster but I think this thing has opened the eyes of Nigerians. “We thank the Yoruba, we thank the Hausa, and we thank every group in Nigeria for this openness. We are Nigerians and I think that is the message. Don’t mind the manipulation. “One must distinguish between the election as conducted and the election as reported. What to do? Some foreign countries are calling for the cancellation. For me, I don’t really think that is the only solution because it costs money. “How much did we spend in this election? What we have to do is to go back to the documents, go back to all the systems we used and look at the correct results that came out, especially which came out before the problem arose or before the stoppage of the uploading. “We look at it and declare results based on those results. There is no point in wasting more money. I believe this election has given hope for one Nigeria.” Ezeife urged Nigerians to come together for a better system, adding that a new Nigeria is still possible. The Labour Party (LP) and the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) had earlier called for the cancellation of the election and the resignation of Yakubu Mahmood as the INEC chairperson.  