 The Sanwo-Olu Ambassadors a support group passionate about the actualization of a second term bid for the Lagos State Governor Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu on Friday,3rd of March, 2023 successfully bolstered his chances to come out victorious on Saturday 11th March guber polls by winning over 500 staffers of Nucleus Ventures on board. Affirming the new ground covered with positive results, the Director General of Sanwo-Olu Ambassador, Amb. (Hajia) Tai Elemesho-Okesanjo said given Governor Sanwo-Olu’s passion for ensuring seamless development of the state, a second term for him will guarantee a more functional Lagos. Ambassador Okesanjo who took out time to appreciate the youths for having made their voices heard so loudly during the previous presidential election, by voting their choice without restrictions, added that it is time for them to support Sanwo-Olu with their votes to ensure Lagos functionality is further guaranteed. She further stated that the youths have been able to change the narrative from the ‘youth being leaders of tomorrow’ to ‘youth are the leaders of today’, as exemplified by their actions in the last presidential election in the country. Alluding the fact that having made their voice heard through the election, it is high time to vote massively for Governor Sanwo-Olu in appreciation of his delivery of dividend of democracy to all residents of Lagos State. Okesanjo along with the group’s state exco also enumerated various feat of Sanwo-Olu in many sectors like Education,Transportation,Health, sports and other infrastructure as the endearing qualities of his administration which outweighs all political affiliations. The group’s State Coordinator, Amb. (Ọtunba) Hammed Gafar, who was also on ground to engage the youthful employees of Nucleus Ventures main office at Nucleus Avenue, Off Fatai Atere Way, Matori, numbeeing numbering well over 500 youths. Other speakers at the event included the State Deputy Coordinator, Amb. (Comr) Rotimi Ogunmuyiwa, who urged the gathering to vote rightly for Sanwoolu by avoiding posting voided votes, which led to the loss of over 65,000 votes in the last election. In his message of solidarity to the Nucleus work force, Amb. Komolafe, Chairman, K Square Securities reassured them, being largely youthful, that people of his class are essentially prepared to support them in achieving their goals through practical mentorship. Later the Chairman of Nucleus, Alhaji Olaide Fowosere was formally inducted as a member of Sanwo-Olu Ambassadors with the presentation of the group’s membership insignia. Responding to his induction Amb. Fowosere expressed his heartfelt gratitude for the canvassing exercise. He reiterated that he’s been in fruitful relationships with Mr. Governor for over two decades from close quarters, Amb. Fowosere stated that he can vouch for the character of the Governor, who has always been exemplifying faultless characteristic in his relations. He appealed to his members of staff to ensure that they exercise their franchise by voting for the reelection of Gov. Babajide Olusola Sanwo-Olu come Saturday, March 11, 2023. 