   The National Coalition of Edo Voters has demanded an immediate cancellation of the 2023 Presidential election results and “a declaration that the election is totally an unacceptable fraud.” Addressing newsmen on Thursday in Benin at the secretariat of the Nigeria Union of Journalists, NUJ, Edo State council, on behalf of other voters comprising women and other men, Comrade Olu Martins also demanded that aside from the cancellation, “a neutral body of forensic experts should be invited to audit the entire Presidential election results, with a view to discovering the demons that have been bedevilling free, fair and credible elections in Nigeria. We are convinced they are hidden within.” Comrade Martins who was flanked by Comrade Chris Ojeikere, Comrade Shedrach Udugbai, Comrade Douglas Odens, while demanding for the resignation of INEC Chairman, Mahmood Yakubu, for failing Nigerians in the just concluded presidential election, also demanded an “investigation into a Social media report of spotting Mahmoud Yakubu in Bourdillion Road, Ikoyi, and the possible association with Ahmed Bola Tinubu’s private jet.” READ ALSO: Election: Netizen slams Buhari’s aide, for claiming viral attack on woman happened in South-East Martins, who discribed the outcome of the February 25, 2023 Presidential election as rape on democracy and wish of the people, lamented that despite promising Nigerians that election results would be uploaded from polling units, INEC failed to keep it. “This brutal rape, callously executed in collusion with Nigeria’s ruling party, the APC, was consummated when Mr Yakubu, brazenly went ahead to declare APC as winners of the February, 25th Presidential elections, to the dazed consternation of the Nigeria people, who are yet to find any evidence of the votes cast on the 25th of February, 2023. “INEC, deviously failed to upload the election results into the Independent Review Portal (IREV), as was not only promised by the INEC Chairman, but also, as evidenced by records, had insisted, vehemently, before the election, that no manual computations of results will be used to determine the winner of the 2023 election results. READ ALSO: Atiku meets former South African president Mbeki, others “Where the results were uploaded at all, by some of INEC polling officers, testimonies abound of an unimaginable proportion of alterations, so much so, that results sheets on the portal from River State, for instance, looks like a painter’s canvas. Citizens of other states, who saw their results earlier uploaded at the respective polling units, can no longer recognise the travesties called results at the IREV. “INEC had craftily promised all Nigerians the benefit of being able to view the uploaded results online, even from the comfort of their homes. We wonder therefore, why the INEC Chairman was so adamant against displaying the same results on its portal during the national presentation of the results, even after the entreaties and protestations from other political parties.” He added: “Well, our wonder was laid to rest, or should we say, to deeper worries, by the alarming submission by INEC that it did not upload most results into its portal.  