 By Arc NYA-ETOK Ezekiel To any genuine child of God, the word KINGDOM isn’t just another word. It defines our essence and purpose here on earth. In our state, our faith, the kingdom, the church has come under two attacks.
The first attack is general and generic. This has to do with bad and insensitive governance.
Our leaders have not exhibited the commitment to the poor as enshrined in the constitution, (Chapter 2, Section 14, subsection 2b), which says ” The security and welfare of the people SHALL be the primary purpose of government”
The Bible is however emphatic that when the righteous is on the throne, the people rejoice.
Please is the Church in AKS rejoicing today? Why??? Today, our state is on the wrong end of virtually all developmental indices…poverty rate, unemployment rate, HIV/AIDS prevalence rate, infant mortality rate, and even debt burden. Our villages are completely undeveloped, and our youths have been literally
abandoned to their fate. These and more, have DIRRECT on the Church. With the above, our Churches are beginning to look in the way of these EVILmen for survival. The second attack on the church is specific. This is the infiltration and frontal attack of the OCCULT and the CULT groups. I need not write much on these as we all know of the “belong” concept where you must belong to their group before you get anything from the ‘system’.
This has led to Freemason and other occult groups ravaging our churches. Today, it is hard to tell how many of our Deacons, Pastors, choristers, departmental heads and workers have been spared what is fast becoming an epidemic within the church. THE ENCOUNTER.
I had an encounter with God not too long ago. One of the aspects of the encounter was when God said, Son, by December 2023, will my people in Akwa Ibom State be raising up their hands in praise for a godly leadership that has brought joy to everyone, or will they be bowing their heads in utter despair, regretting their action/inaction that got them into the situation they were in -next 4years of sorrows, tears, and prayers for ‘divine intervention’? THINK NOW!!! As I got back to myself, I got the message loud and clear!  MY MOTIVATION
My primary motivation for getting into politics was to be an example of a Kingdom Leader.
This will be manifested in the following ways:
The first is to be the light of the world and the salt of the earth.
The second is to be the “righteous on the throne” that will make the people to REJOICE.
The third is to be a defender of the kingdom.
This third motivation led to my having KINGDOM as one of my primary core pledges on my posters, -with the other two being SERVICE and INTEGRITY. THE MANDATORY OATH:
As the Church deliberates on who to support, the questions of the candidate’s commitment to our God’s KINGDOM is imperative. Such a candidate MUST denounce membership of any CULT or OCCULT group before the generality of the Church OPENLY as a compulsory pre condition for support. The time has therefore come for the church to take a decisive position on who to support to be the next governor of our state.
This choice could be taking the easy way out of going for who has the financial muscles to “run election”, or who has the necessary competences to be the KINGDOM REPRESENTATIVE.
While the former will make life easier for the Church, the later could mean a lot of work, faith, and sacrifice from the Church. For any choice, there will be CONSEQUENCES. NYA-ETOK of ADC As The Option:
1. While I have the competence, capacity, and capability with a top rating for the job, I wish to OPENLY DECLARE that, I am not, I have NEVER BEEN, and WILL NEVER BE a member of any OCCULT, or CULT group. 2. I have the spirit that will accommodate all parties and individuals in a state that is in dire need of inclusivity. 3. I have the governance ideology (Social Governance Ideology) that is what is needed today more than ever before (where the concentration of government must move to the rural areas). 4. I will be the UNIFIER of the church as the Fathers of Faith, Fathers in Faith, Sons in Faith, Daughters, and Mothers of Faith etc, all have me as the one person they know that has earned their respect, and the one person that they all respect.
The church is in dire need of a UNIFIER. I am that UNIFIER. THE CHOICE:
The Church must look beyond what appears popular, and an easy path to ‘victory’, and be willing to pay the price of SACRIFICE, to RESCUE the Church, to ensure avoidable future regrets.
Again, anything aside from this could spell terrible regret for the Church. THIS IS FOR THE RECORD. THROW BACK:
I have earlier been the choice of the church. Back in 2007 when Ex-President Obasanjo wanted Ibibio Elders, and CAN Leadership to send him 3 names of people they will recommend to be the Governor that would take over from Governor Victor Attah then, while I came third on the list from Ibibio Elders (which was a clear testimony of my acceptance by the Ibibio Elders), I was number ONE on the list of CAN Elders. Virtually all the CAN Elders are still alive now and can attest to this. It is therefore in the light of the above that I strongly appeal to the Church to rise up today, think of who best fits as our endorsed KINGDOM LEADER, and support me to be the next governor of Akwa Ibom State. SHALOM! 