 The Lagos State PDP Governorship Candidate, Dr Abdul-Azeez Adediran (Jandor), has paid a visit to victims of Akere Motor Parts & Allied Dealers Association Market fire incident. The News Agency of Nigeria reports that the market, located in Apapa Ajegunle in Ajeromi-Ifelodun Local Government, was razed on Wednesday morning. Adediran, meeting with the leadership and other traders in the market on Thursday, commiserated with them on the incident. Going round to assess the level of damage, he described the fire as unfortunate and announced a donation of N5 million to support the victims. “This is not just a promise, you will receive it before I leave here,” he said. According to him, the gesture is to provide immediate succour for the victims. Adediran said he was optimistic of winning the forthcoming governorship election in the state, promising to rebuild the market and return it to the same occupiers free, if elected. The candidate urged them to turn out to exercise their civic duty in the March 18 polls. Speaking, Mr Izuchukwu Ubah, the Chairman of the market explained that hoodlums had earlier threatened before the market fire eventually occurred on Wednesday morning. He said the fire destroyed everything the traders had in stock and the building, and a security man was also killed. Ubah commended the candidate for identifying with them and for the gesture. Adediran, in another interactive session with leadership of Trinity Market Association in Apapa Ajegunle area, commended the spare parts dealers for always supporting PDP. He urged them to come out en masse to vote in the March 18 polls and secure their votes. Earlier, the Chairman of the association, Chief Emenike Ugwu, described Adediran as a very young, promising and vibrant candidate. He assured the candidate of the group’s support in the forthcoming Governorship and state House of Assembly elections. Also speaking, Chief Edwin Udebuani, the Patron of the association, assured him of their support. “Don’t forget this place when you get there. We are going to give you our votes. We believe it is your time.” Chief Emmanuel Ubanatu, ex-President of the traders association, added,”The promise we are giving you is that our vote will count. We are with you 24/7.”  Source – NAN 