  The Yoruba Self-Determination Coalition (YSDC) has called on electorate in Southwest states to eschew tribal sentiments, ethnic colouration and intimidation as they go out to votes their preferred candidates in the March 11 2023 Governorship and state House of Assemblies elections. YSDC’s Spokesman Comrade Alex Omotehinse flanked by some other representatives of other civil society organisations while addressing a world press conference on Saturday in Lagos, asserted that the previous election had revealed lots of misgivings along ethnic divides, that might snowball into violence and arson if not curtailed before the forthcoming elections. “The Presidential elections has thrown up diverse opinions especially to Lagos aborigines. To some, the outcome of the Presidential election was not acceptable while the non-indigenes saw it as a confirmation of their presence in the political space of the state. “Ours is not to be drawn in for/against the position of the people but to put it succinctly so as to shape the minds of Nigerians irrespective of their sex, religion, tribe or ethnicity to eschew violence, intimidation and harassment of one another as gist on the street of Lagos symbolizes and epitomizes showdown from all. “YSDC are aware of tribal sentiment put on the public domain (YORUBA/IGBO DICHOTOMY) towards March 11 ,2023 Governorship and states assembly election script by political actors to gain sympathy from electorates. “This is invariably heating the polity and may end-up causing voters apathy, disenfranchisement of Lagos residents to perform their civic responsibility as enshrined by constitution of Federal Republic of Nigeria.” Comrade Omotehinse also hinted that the group has written a letter to the Lagos Commissioner of Police Idowu Owohunwa stating unequivocally the need for more seriousness in providing adequate security on election day. “Election duty is not a privilege but a constitutional role that must be accorded much more seriousness than what obtains in the previous election.” Stating their demands, Omotehinse urged INEC and security agencies to be fair and transparent so as to make the election peaceful and seamless. “We call on INEC as umpire to be fair to all, and conduct free and transparent election that can stand test of time. “We call on all security agencies that will be on duty to be impartial and discharge their duties as enshrined in the electoral law. “We also call on all political office seekers across political divides to be law abiding and stop over-heating the polity and seek redress through legal process in case of any discrepancy.” YSDC’s spokesman, however, stated its poise to rise in defence of the people against anyone hellbent on causing chaos or mayhem during the election. Members of the Coalition; Evangelist Kunle Adesokan, Mr. Hameed Balogun and Mrs. Bolaji Komolafe, also confirmed the stance of the group, while charging leaders of contending political parties not to see the election as a do or die affair. Evangelist Adesokan added that a Yoruba had been elected President of Nigeria, saying that no tribalistic sentiment should be played up. He said that crisis in Lagos would not send a good signal. 