  The quest of Champions League glory lives on at Parc des Princes after Paris Saint-Germain were yet again dumped out of the competition following their 3-0 aggregate defeat to Bayern Munich. Meanwhile, sequel to the above the report reaching National Daily reveals that Kylian Mbappe could leave the club at the end of the season. Mbappe and PSG despite suffering a 1-0 defeat to at home to Bayern in the first leg of their last 16 tie last month, struggled to lay a glove on Julian Nageslmann’s side who cruised to a 2-0 win on Wednesday night. And National Daily can confirm that the woes could have been more on the night for the French champions as VAR intervention spared them a thrashing in Germany, with Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting and Sadio Mane having efforts chalked off. It marked the fifth time in the last seven years PSG have been eliminated from the competition at the first knockout stage, having also finished second in their group behind Benfica. Mbappe, who was nullified by Bayern’s back line on the night, was expected to leave the club last summer only to make a dramatic U-turn and sign a huge new deal in the French capital, rejecting Real Madrid in the process. While PSG are expected to win their domestic title this season sat eight points clear of Marseille, another European failure will raise further questions over the France international’s future with the forward not ruling out a summer move. ‘I’m calm,’ Mbappe said when asked about his future. ‘The only thing that matters to me is this season, to win the league, and then we’ll see.’ On PSG’s elimination, he added: ‘We’re going to question ourselves and then return to our daily life, the league. ‘We have to move on… We lost against a great team, trying to win the tournament.’ Mbappe’s future at PSG has been under intense scrutiny throughout the season. In October, reports in France ands Spain claimed the 23-year-old was pushing to leave, having felt betrayed’ over a number of broken promises from the club’s hierarchy, including those over new signings in the summer window and his own role in the team. More so, National Daily learnt that PSG manager Christophe Galtier also faces an uncertain future following his side’s early exit. ‘My future obviously depends on my sports management and my president. There is a disappointment, that’s how it is,’ he said. ‘The club pinned a lot of hopes on this competition. I’m staying the course, I’m still focused on the end of the season with a lot of energy and determination.’  