  Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has been slammed by Richard Keys over his choice of transfer at Old Trafford. Keys who launched a scathing attack on the Red Devils Wout Weghorst had insisted that the Dutchman is the worst Manchester United player in history National Daily gathered. Meanwhile, the 30-year-old’s ungainly style and selfless attitude may have seen him achieve something close to cult-hero status at Old Trafford since his January loan move from Burnley, despite having scored only once in 14 appearances. Ten Hag was forced to secure the forward on loan from Burnley in January for a stop-gap solution with Cristiano Ronaldo exiled and Anthony Martial almost permanently injured coupled with the Glazer family unwilling to loosen the purse strings. However, United boss has been outspoken in praising Weghorst as he values his contribution to the team, but Keys cannot fathom the decision to experiment with the 30-year-old as a makeshift No.10. Weghorst looked badly out of his depth in the history making 7-0 defeat at Anfield on Sunday which led the beIN Sports presenter Keys to brand Weghorst ‘a joke’ National Daily learnt. ‘It’s his decision to keep playing Wout Weghorst,’ Keys wrote in his weekly blog.’ It’s not Weghorst’s fault, but he has to be the worst player I’ve ever seen in a United jersey. ‘He’s a bang ordinary No.9, who couldn’t get in a struggling Burnley team, but what on earth possesses Seven Hag to think he’s a sumptuous 10? One who can ‘wear the tuxedo’ as the Americans say. ‘Come on. It’s a joke and the manager has got to give up pretending that Weghorst has got something to offer. ‘He’s not a ‘pressing monster’. He doesn’t ‘make runs’ because he can’t run. And he doesn’t score goals. You can’t start him – push Fernandes left and leave £80m Sancho on the bench. Too clever Erik. Far too clever.’ Keys was equally dismissive of summer recruit Antony whose form has deteriorated rapidly since making a bright start to his United career. ‘Finally Antony,’ Keys added. ‘Somebody has got to help him. All he’s got right now is a step over, roll the ball, step inside and try to find the bottom corner. ‘Alisson was waiting for him all afternoon. He’s a one-trick pony and far too predictable.’ 