 Nigeria president-elect, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu has urged the opposition parties and his challengers to join him in his mission to achieve the desired country. He also thanked Nigerians who gave him their mandate, promising to serve them with all his might. “Let’s collaborate and work together. I promise to work with you,” Tinubu said while giving his acceptance speech in Abuja. At the event were his vice-president-elect, Kashim Shettima, All Progressives Congress National Chairman, Abdullahi Adamu, and APC governors, among others. Speaking further, the former Lagos State governor, commended Nigerians, particularly those who voted for opposition parties, saying their move helped in deepening democracy in Nigeria. READ ALSO: Amidst irregularities, INEC declares Tinubu President-elect The President-elect also commended the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) for conducting the 2023 presidential election. “I commend INEC for conducting a credible election, no matter what anybody says”. Tinubu said. The president-elect also offered insight into how his administration will pilot the affairs of the nation. He said he was ready to listen and take a difficult route in ensuring Nigerians see better days and the country of their dreams. The Independent National Electoral Commission during the early hours of Wednesday declared Tinubu, who is the APC presidential candidate during Saturday’s election, as the president-elect. The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, had on Wednesday declared the All Progressives Congress, APC, presidential candidate, Bola Tinubu, as the president-elect. READ ALSO: Jonathan, West African leaders hold peace meeting with Atiku, Tinubu, Obi, Kwankwaso Tinubu, a former Lagos State governor, was declared the president-elect after the 70-year-old polled 8,794,726 votes to win the 2023 presidential election. Tinubu won the election ahead of other contenders — the Peoples Democratic Party candidate, Atiku Abubakar; the Labour Party candidate, Peter Obi; and the New Nigeria Peoples Party candidate, Rabiu Kwankwaso. The three leading presidential candidates won in 12 states each while Kwankwaso claimed only Kano State. Tinubu edged Atiku, a former vice president and his closest challenger, with no fewer than 1.8 million votes.  Full text below My fellow Nigerians, I am profoundly humbled that you have elected me to serve as the 16th President of our beloved Republic. This is a shining moment in the life of any man and affirmation of our democratic existence. From my heart, I say thank you.  Whether you are Batified, Atikulated, Obidient, Kwankwasiyya, or have any other political affiliation, you voted for a better, more hopeful nation and I thank you for your participation and dedication to our democracy. You decided to place your trust in the democratic vision of a Nigeria founded on shared prosperity and one nurtured by the ideals of unity, justice, peace and tolerance. Renewed hope has dawned in Nigeria. We commend INEC for running a free and fair election. The lapses that did occur were relatively few in number and were immaterial to the final outcome. With each cycle of elections, we steadily perfect this process so vital to our democratic life. Today, Nigeria stands tall as the giant of Africa. It shines even brighter as the continent’s biggest democracy. I thank all who supported my campaign. From President Buhari who adeptly led my campaign as its chairman, to my Vice Presidential Candidate, Senator Kashim Shettima. To the progressive governors of our party and this nation, to the party leadership, to our loyal party members. I owe you a debt of gratitude. To the entire campaign organization, I thank you sincerely. I thank my loving wife and dear family whose support was ceaseless and inspiring. Without you, this victory would not be possible.  I am grateful to Almighty God. By His mercy, I was born a son of Nigeria and through His sublime purpose I find myself the victor of this election. May He grant me the wisdom and courage to lead the nation to the greatness He alone has destined for it. Finally, I thank the Nigerian people for their abiding belief in our democracy. I shall be a fair leader to all Nigerians. I will be in tune with your aspirations, charge up your energies and harness your talents to deliver a nation that we can be proud of. To my fellow candidates, former VP Atiku, former governor Kwankwaso, former governor Obi and all others, I extend the hand of friendship. This was a competitive, high-spirited campaign. You have my utmost respect. Political competition must now give way to political conciliation and inclusive governance. During the election, you may have been my opponent but you were never my enemy. In my heart, you are my brothers. Still, I know some candidates will be hard put to accept the election results. It is your right to seek legal recourse. What is neither right nor defensible is for anybody to resort to violence. Any challenge to the electoral outcome should be made in a court of law, and not in the streets.  I also ask my supporters to let peace reign and tensions fade. We ran a principled, peaceful and progressive campaign. The aftermath of our campaign must be as benign. Yes, there are divisions amongst us that should not exist. Many people are uncertain, angry and hurt; I reach out to every one of you. Let the better aspects of our humanity step forward at this fateful moment. Let us begin to heal and bring calm to our nation. Now, to you, the young people of this country, I hear you loud and clear. I understand your pains, your yearnings for good governance, a functional economy and a safe nation that protects you and your future. I am aware that for many of you Nigeria has become a place of abiding challenges limiting your ability to see a bright future for yourselves. Remodeling our precious national home requires the harmonious efforts of all of us, especially the youth. Working together, we shall move this nation as never before. My running mate, Vice President-elect Shettima, and I understand the challenges ahead. More importantly, we also understand and deeply value the talent and innate goodness of you, the Nigerian people. We pledge to listen and to do the difficult things, the big deeds that put us on the path of irreversible progress. Hold us firmly to account, but please give us a chance first. Together, we shall build a brighter and more productive society for today, tomorrow and for years to come.  Today, you have given me the greatest honor you can bestow on one man. In return, I will give you my utmost as your next president and commander-in-chief. Peace, unity and prosperity shall be the cornerstones of the society we intend to build. When you gaze upon what we shall accomplish in the coming years, you shall speak with pride at being a Nigerian. I thank you all. God bless you all. God bless the Federal Republic of Nigeria. 