    Research on 5G radiofrequency (RF) radiation shows it can cause brain damage and possibly lead to dementia and Alzheimer’s disease, according to nine independent experts in the RF radiation field. The experts called on authorities to heed the voices of the RF scientific community by establishing a “more stringent regulatory framework” on RF radiation and by halting the rollout of 5G technologies — including smart meters and 5G cell towers — until a team of “qualified scientists independent of industry” review the risks of the technology. “The situation is absurd,” said Mona Nilsson, managing director of the Swedish Radiation Protection Foundation and lead author of the article. Although the first two studies ever published on 5G’s effects on humans and animals reported serious adverse health effects, government authorities and telecom companies continue to put 5G cell towers and smart meters on and around people’s homes, Nilsson told The Defender. READ ALSO: MTN, Airtel invest over N6bn to bring 4G, 5G networks to Nigerians Dr. Lennart Hardell, a leading scientist on cancer risks from radiation and co-author of the article, told the Defender, “I think it is time to have an ethical discussion.” “What kind of society should we have?” asked Hardell, an oncologist and epidemiologist with the Environment and Cancer Research Foundation who has authored more than 100 papers on non-ionizing radiation. “Is it possible for the government to expose people to hazardous pollution in their own homes and you can’t escape?” he asked. From an ethical point of view, that’s a very problematic societal situation, Hardell said. Hardell, Nilsson and their co-authors are leaders of independent organizations in Norway, Sweden, Denmark and Finland that focus on RF radiation. They said the first study on 5G’s effects showed people experienced a plethora of symptoms — including severe sleep disturbances, dizziness, skin complaints, concentration problems, tinnitus, impaired short-term memory, confusion, fatigue, tendency toward depression, heart and lung symptoms and heart palpitations — days after a 5G cell tower was installed above their apartments. READ ALSO: Despite public outcry, FG okays deployment of 5G network The second 5G study showed rats exposed to 5G had an increased incidence of damage to neurons and increased oxidative stress in the brain. These effects could eventually lead to degenerative brain diseases, such as dementia, Alzheimer’s and other neurological diseases, the authors said. According to a compilation by Henry Lai, Ph.D., a professor emeritus of bioengineering at the University of Washington, 244 studies between 2007 and 2022 showed negative neurological effects from RF radiation, Nilsson said. “We have so much research and we have so many scientists that are raising their voices louder and louder — and still nothing happens because those institutions have influenced the authorities … are captured by the industry,” Nilsson said. Despite the accumulating scientific evidence of harmful effects, authorities “continue to ignore the increasing evidence of clear risks,” the authors said in their article. Regulatory authorities claim current guidelines are sufficient to protect people from harm. But they rely on a “limited group of experts” — who are not representative of the scientific community at large — to support their position, according to the authors. 