   Seven state governments controlled by the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP  – namely  Adamawa, Akwa Ibom, Bayelsa, Delta, Edo, Taraba and Sokoto, which filed a suit against the Federal Government at the Supreme Court, challenging the declaration of All Progressives Congress, APC Presidential Candidate, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu as President-elect, have discontinued the suit. The Notice of Discontinuance signed by their lawyer, Mike Ozekhome SAN Friday, said “Take notice that the plaintiffs doth hereby wholly discontinue this suit against the defendant herein”. The plaintiffs had gone before the apex court to challenge the outcome of Presidential and National Assembly elections that held on February 25, insisting that the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, acted in breach of the Electoral Act, 2022. The plaintiffs maintained that election results from the 36 states of the federation and the FCT, were not properly transmitted and collated by INEC, as prescribed by the Electoral Act. READ ALSO: Join hands with Tinubu, ex-Presidential aspirant tells Atiku, Obi The six states, which are currently under the control of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in the suit marked: SC/CV/354/2023, further alleged that INEC pulled down its portal harbouring the Regulations and Guidelines it earlier set for the elections. Consequently, they applied for an order of the apex court, mandating “a holistic review of all results so far announced by the Federal Government of Nigeria through the INEC which were carried out other than through the manner prescribed by the provisions of the Electoral Act, 2022, the INEC Regulations and Guidelines for the Conduct of Elections, 2022; and the INEC Manual for Election Officials”. READ ALSO: PDP, LP alliance possible, Peter was in a rush, got scared and left – Atiku As well as an order, “directing a wholistic review of all results so far announced by the Federal Government of Nigeria through the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) which were carried out other than through the manner prescribed by the provisions of the Electoral Act, 2022, the INEC Regulations and Guidelines for the Conduct of Elections, 2022; and the INEC Manual for Election Officials”. They had prior to the notice of discontinuance, applied for accelerated hearing of the case. It will be recalled that INEC had declared Bola Tinubu of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, as winner of the presidential election. Tinubu defeated 17 other candidates who took part in the election. He scored a total of 8,794,726 votes to defeat Atiku Abubakar of the PDP who polled a total of 6,984,520 votes and Peter Obi of the Labour Party, who came third with a total of 6,101,533 votes.   