   Founder of TechCircle, a startup that helps Google, Facebook and other tech firms to organise events for tech startups, Oo Nwoye, says President Muhammadu Buhari has “fulfilled his destiny of being a misfortune to Nigeria from start to finish. Nwoye who stated this in a series of tweets on Wednesday in reaction to the declaration of Bola Tinubu as winner of the 2023 president election, also described the INEC and its chairman, Yakubu Mahmood, as a real dark horse of the 2023 elections. Tinubu polled 8,794,726 votes to win the 2023 presidential election, the People’s Democratic Party’s candidate, Atiku, scored 6,984,520 votes, while Obi of the Labour Party garnered 6,101,533 votes. READ ALSO: 2023 Elections: Foundation urges grieving parties to seek redress in court The election has been marred by the controversy of INEC’s failure to upload the election results on the INEC Results Viewing Portal (IReV) and Bimodal Voter Accreditation System (BVAS). “Using a corrupt umpire to rig elections is not knowing “the game”. It’s vote rigging. Similar to Yahoo being theft and NOT working. And runs being prostitution and NOT hustle.” He wrote on Twitter. “The will of Nigerians will prevail in the end. I believe it,” Nwoye tweeted. READ ALSO: Buhari congratulates Tinubu on his victory in presidential election He also wrote that “A set of people I feel pity for are the rondos who are rejoicing over this brazen election theft, thinking because of a tangential relationship (I follow MC Oluomo 2nd cousin drink for Abule Ijesha), they’ll benefit in any way from APC’s gangsta’s paradise.” On his part, the founder of Hotels.ng, Mark Essien, said politicians’ ability to stay in power against the will of the people has come to an end. “I hope this election teaches politicians to respect ordinary people. This is lesson 1. The lesson in 2027 will be worse. If you like, do anyhow, we will show you anyhow. Your ability to stay in power against the will of the people is now over,” Essien posted on Twitter. He went on to suggest a 7-year term for the presidential seat and a scrap of the Senate and House of Representatives, “Presidential council system! A single, 7-year term with 7 members of the presidential council. A rotating chairman for each year. Scrap the senate and only have the house of reps. “This is what works in Switzerland and should work in multi-tribe societies in Africa.”  