   The Ogun State Police Command has rescued a Journalist who was abducted in Ogun in Lagos. The Journalist, Oduneye Olusegun, who was kidnapped on March 9 by some gunmen at Mobalufon, Ijebu Ode was rescued at the weekend by the police who stormed the kidnappers den at Egbeda Lagos. Ogun State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) SP Abimbola Oyeyemi, said the victim was coming from Abeokuta and was kidnapped at Mobalufon area in his Toyota Camry car at about 7:50 pm on Thursday 9th of March 2023. “The abductors later called his wife through the victim’s phone the following morning, and demanded 30 Million as ransom. Upon the report, Commissioner of Police, Mr. Frank Mba directed the Divisional Police Officer (DPO) Obalende divisional headquarters, SP Murphy Salami, whose jurisdiction the incident happened to ensure the safe rescue of the victim. READ ALSO: Ogun police announce N2.5m reward for information on attacked INEC office in Abeokuta “In compliance with the CP’s directive, the DPO mobilized his detectives and embarked on a technical and intelligence based investigation of the incident. Their efforts paid off when the Toyota Camry of the victim was traced to Idimu, Lagos, where the kidnappers were hibernating waiting for the ransom. “On sighting the policemen, the hoodlums engaged them in a shootout which lasted for about 45 minutes before they abandoned the car, and took to their heels after sustaining varying degrees of gunshot injuries. “The victim’s car which was soaked with the kidnappers’ blood as a result of gunshot injuries was recovered by the Police team. Having realized that the game is over, the kidnappers were left with no alternative than to abandon the victim, and he was rescued unhurt”. Meanwhile, CP Mba, who commended his men for their gallantry and professional conduct appealed to members of the public especially hospitals and traditional healers to inform the police if anybody with gunshot injury is seen in their area. The CP also warned criminals to stay clear from Ogun State, as the Command is battle ready to take the fight to their doorstep.  