   Manchester United playmaker Bruno Fernandes may have had his next dream at Old Trafford quashed going by the reports reaching National Daily. It is gathered by National Daily that Manchester United players are reportedly ‘irritated’ at the Portuguese thus putting his dream of becoming the next permanent captain in jeopardy. Fernandes who disgraced himself during United’s 7-0 historic defeat to arch-rivals Liverpool on Sunday had spent most of the second half making petulant challenges, arguing with officials and losing possession. The 28-year-old was slammed by former United captains Roy Keane and Gary Neville and National Daily learnt from the claim by the Daily Mail that he has even upset his United team-mates, who have been left frustrated by his antics, and it is thought that his chances of becoming captain have taken a hit. Vice-captain Fernandes has worn the armband for most the season with Harry Maguire struggling for game time. Fernandes disgraced himself during United’s 7-0 historic defeat to arch-rivals Liverpool on Sunday and spent most of the second half making petulant challenges, arguing with officials and losing possession. He was slammed by Roy Keane and Gary Neville and according to the Daily Mail he has even upset his United team-mates, who have been left frustrated by his antics, and it is thought that his chances of becoming captain have taken a hit. Vice-captain Fernandes has worn the armband for most the season with Harry Maguire struggling for game time. ‘Bruno Fernandes, take a bow for one of the worst performances we have seen from a Premier League player, certainly from a captain,’ Sutton wrote in the Daily Mail. ‘The Incredible Sulk racked up quite the rap sheet at Anfield. There was nothing professional about this behaviour. It was more befitting a petulant child, and the push on the assistant should result in a ban, no ifs and buts. ‘Paolo Di Canio got 11 games in 1998, remember, and I wouldn’t disagree if Fernandes received the same punishment. This was shameful, embarrassing, disgraceful, whatever word you can conjure up. ‘It is bad enough you are getting obliterated at Liverpool, but then you see the guy wearing the armband having a go at Ten Hag for not substituting him. ‘Is he really the leader that everybody else is supposed to follow? ‘Whatever you think of Harry Maguire, the club captain, you would not catch him behaving like this on the pitch.’ 