    Pastor Dr. Deola Phillips led thousands of members of Christ Embassy Lagos Zone 5 Lekki on a City 3-kilometer Walk campaign to create awareness for the forthcoming Healing Streams Live Healing Services with Pastor Chris. The Healing Streams Live Healing Services with Pastor Chris, a special online program designed by the Holy Spirit to bring divine healing to everyone that requires healing for their bodies comes up this Friday March 17th, Saturday March 18th and Sunday March 19th from 3pm daily. Speaking during the campaign, Pastor Deola, who is the Zonal Pastor of Christ Embassy Lagos Zone 5 and Chief Executive Officer of Loveworld Incorporated, said the unique service is another opportunity for the world to experience the supernatural hands of God. READ ALSO: Christ Embassy zone 5 lights up Lagos as Healing Streams Live holds According to her, the street walk was to sensitise the public about the faith and power of healing as exemplified by Jesus’ name. Pastor Phillips said that the 2-day Healing Stream Live Healing Services programme, is specially designed by the Holy Spirit to bring divine healing to everyone that required healing for their bodies. “We are testifying of what we have seen, we have seen miracles of healing, cancer disappearing, we have seen the lame walk, the blind seeing, the deaf hear. We have seen the oppressed step-free and the dead raised in the name of Jesus Christ, so this Friday and Saturday, the healing streams will flow,” she said. READ ALSO: Christ Embassy Church sensitizes electorates towards 2023 general elections Phillips said that the programme would proffer solutions to the many socio-economic and health challenges of Nigerians if they key into it. Also speaking at the 3-kilometer Walk, Ehikioya Kingsley, CEO of Ehi-Kings Property, urged the world to log in to the service to experience God in a new dimension. “We are here to announce to the world that with His son; He gave us all things; He gave us health; He gave us prosperity; He gave us life to enjoy to the fullest. “We have had previous editions of this programme with millions of people in participation and multiple millions of testimonies of healing and the dead being raised. We have seen amazing things because God loves the world. He loves the world and He gave us His Son. “The best of it is that people can join the program right from their homes or visit any of our centers to be part of the service. You can also log on to any of our love world channels, Superscreen FM, and TV and you will be connected to the supernatural hand of God. We want everyone to tell their neighbors, friends, and colleagues about the event. We want the world to seize this opportunity to experience the Supernatural Hands of God.” READ ALSO: Nations await Pastor Chris message, prophecies for 2023 as Christ Embassy holds New Year Eve Service Bamidele Onalaja, the CEO of RevolutionPlus Property, who also participated in the street campaign said the service will mark the end of failure in the lives of all participants. “We are out here today to tell the world about the healing stream live service with the man of God Pastor Chris Oyakhilome. This edition will be more powerful, the blind will see, the lame will walk and the dead will be raised. “We are here to tell the world that Jesus is the same yesterday, today and forever and we are telling the world to participate in this healing stream.   