   The Defence Headquarters (DHQ), says it foiled plans by terrorists to disrupt the February 25 Presidential and National Assembly elections, and arrested a terrorist commander, his wife, four children and arms runners in the Northeast. Director Defence Media Operations Maj.-Gen. Musa Danmadami briefed reporters on troops’ activities and operations. He said: “Notably, on 24 February 2023, an intelligence report revealed terrorist convergence with plans to attack some locations in Kauwa, Gamboru and Monguno in Borno State in a bid to disrupt the 2023 general elections. “Consequently, a series of air interdiction operations were carried out at these identified locations. Several terrorists were neutralised with their logistics destroyed.” Danmadami said troops on patrol at Okehi town in Okene Local Government Area of Kogi State arrested eight political thugs in an attempt to disrupt the electoral process. READ ALSO: Army raid kidnappers den, rescue commissioner in C/River According to him, troops in the Northeast killed 21 terrorists and arrested 35 others, while 36 civilians were rescued. A total of 1,332 terrorists and their family members comprising 222 males, 411 females and 699 children surrendered to troops at different locations within the theatre of operations. Danmadami said troops apprehended a terrorist’s commander alongside his wife and four children at Gwoza town in Gwoza Local Government Area of Borno. According to him, between February 23 to March 8, troops ambushed terrorists as well as intercepted logistics suppliers in villages within Marte, Konduga, Bama, Biu, Monguno and Gwoza Local Government Areas of Borno. “Following the encounter, troops neutralised eight terrorists while others fled. Troops also arrested 35 suspected terrorists’ logistics suppliers,” he said. READ ALSO: Troops of Operation Whirl Punch neutralize 4 terrorists, recover arms The defence spokesperson said troops on patrol at Gusau in Gusau Local Government Area of Zamfara State intercepted a female bandit collaborator en route to Taraba State with N1,093,000.00 concealed in a cosmetic bag. He said the recovered sum was said to be for the purchase of arms and ammunition in Taraba. “Also, on 26 February 2023, troops on patrol in Gusau town in Gusau Local Government Area of Zamfara arrested a suspected bandit collaborator with the sum of N9,500,000.00 only,” he said. He said all items recovered, rescued civilians and suspected terrorists have been handed over to the appropriate authorities for further action. The general added that terrorists and members of their families that surrendered are being profiled.  