  The youths in Lagos State have been encouraged to give consideration to the accruable benefits of ensuring the All Progressives Congress maintains the control of the state, whose masterplan of developmental strides was envisioned by the President-elect Bola Ahmed Tinubu. The APC candidate for the state House of Assembly seat in Ifako-Ijaiye constituency 2 Hon. Emmanuel Olotu, made this assertion while speaking at a parley with ward B youths in Ojokoro area of the state charging them to vote for APC from Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu to all House of Assembly candidates in the Saturday 11th March, 2023 election. Olotu, who was represented by the Chairman and Coordinator of his Campaign Council, Hon. Busari Nosiru emphasised that losing the state to another party will be a great disservice to Tinubu’s ingenuity in time past. According to him there are lots of benefits that Tinubu’s clout as President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, will effortlessly attract to Lagos state, so the voting public must team up and do the needful to ensure this becomes a reality. “We have APC at the National level now in person of Bola Ahmed Tinubu and we can’t afford to lose Lagos State to any other party. “Hon. Emmanuel Olotu the candidate for APC in House of Assembly constituency 02 will definitely represent our party very well.” On the visibility of the Hon Olotu, Nosiru maintained that they have already laid templates to increase their reach before Saturday election. “We have 433 units across Ojokoro LCDA and it is really impossible to touch every polling units, but I want to assure you that within the space of time we will get across to those that we ought to get to because this election is a must win for us. “ We are going to meet everybody, the CAN, CDA, CDC, youths, market women, artisans and all others within the space of time. On the chances of the party as against the ethnic sentiment that pervades the polity which portends some snags, Nosiru expressed his confidence that APC will emerge victorious . “Thank God we have a working Governor and initially prior to the presidential election we have Tinubu from Yoruba land, Peter Obi from Ibo land and Alhaji Atiku Abubarka from the Hausa land, but unlike this state gubernatorial election, Sanwo-Olu being a Christian has taken care of the religious colouration and the sensibility that obtains. “The Igbo community knows that the source of their income is Lagos and so they can’t toy with it, they must return Sanwo-Olu because since the inception of APC, we have been given so much patronage to the extend that they cannot afford to vote against the party. “We’ve spoken with them, their leaders, various ethnic groups and they have assured us that they are going to deliver Sanwo-Olu come 11 March, 2023. In his counsel to the electorate, Nosiru opined that the previous election recorded an unprecedented voter apathy which need not recur in the coming Saturday election. “Owing to the apathy in the last election, I just want to appeal to all eligible voters to come out and vote it is their civic responsibility and they must exercise it. “They must come out enmasse and vote their right choice, which is no other person than Babajide Olushola Sanwo-Olu and here in Ifako-Ijaiye 02 Hon. Emmanuel Olotu is the APC candidate.” Chief Mrs. Akinlade the Coordinator Olotu Campaign Council in Ward B tasks all present to take it upon themselves, as a responsibility to deliver all APC candidates on the election day. Adding that “the move towards victory must take off immediately, as it is clear that the benefits accruable are quite enormous.” The Convener of the parley Hon. Abiola Adetipe in his remarks to the youths at the venue of the parley emphasized the selfless attributes of members of the area, adding that prior to now they have made moves to galvanize support base for the candidates especially amongst the teeming youths of the area. Adetipe hinted that they have put in place Street captains saddles with the responsibility of engaging the youths in order to change their parochial mentality of playing football on the day of election, a strategy he claimed has been able to win a lot of them off the streets to taking active parts in the electoral process lately. “Each zones in our ward will produce five Street captains to spread the message across and win more support base for our candidates. “From Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu to our Hon. Emmanuel Olotu, it is time for us to speak louder with our votes”. Said Adetipe. In somewhat a direct interface with the eligible voters, Comrade Adebowale, Mr Timothy and Mr. Laide Ibraheem all from Ward B youths group, made a case for much more rapport with the youths, adding that it ought not be a one off thing, that only obtains only after four years when youth’s votes are needed alone.   