  Harry Kane and Tottenham endured yet another miserable Champions League moment following their exit as handed in by AC Milan on Wednesday night. Meanwhile, Kane has warned his teammates that they have ‘no option’ but to focus on a renewed push for a top four place after last night’s morale-sapping Champions League demise, National Daily understands. The north London club who only managed two shots on target over the course of 90 largely aimless minutes could not be inspired by the return of boss Antonio Conte to the dugout failed to inspire Spurs. Though Kane who has since been advised by Arsenal legend Thierry Henry to quit Tottenham, came close forcing extra-time with an injury-time header that was expertly repelled by Mike Maignan. National Daily can confirm that Tottenham’s attack was so toothless as the Serie A champions rarely had to break any sweat to contain it. Spurs have now gone three successive games without finding the back of the net but the England skipper is hopeful that Saturday’s match against struggling Nottingham Forest will offer an opportunity to return to winning ways. Conte’s side were in a similar state of disarray 12 months ago, before they embarked on an impressive run which saw them leapfrog Arsenal and secure Champions League qualification in the process. ‘We play Forest on Saturday and hopefully we can score a couple of goals and have a big push before the end of the season,’ Kane told Tottenham’s official website. ‘There’s no option. You know it’s been a tough week, for the fans especially, and we just need top four. It’s the only thing we can play for. We did it last year we had a big push, we have to keep fighting and see where we can go.’ Conte has been heavily criticised for overseeing such an abject display with his decision to substitute Dejan Kulusevski and introduce defender Davinson Sanchez during the closing stages under particular scrutiny. Kane, however, is confident a return to form is around the corner and insists the negative reaction to last night’s performance has been over the top. ‘I think last night was OK but I don’t think we were at our best. There were some moments in the game where we needed to be better, similar to the Wolves game where we were in good positions on the pitch, maybe other teams at a higher level punish you and we’re not quite doing that to the opposition at the moment. ‘We gave everything, we left all our energy and heart on the pitch. Over the two legs if we are brutally honest we can’t say we deserved to win it, it was equal both games and it came down to a decisive goal. ‘I think I said after Wolves for me we lack a bit of hunger and desire to get on the scoresheet, we have to make sure we’re effecting games. It’s not enough at this level just to be on the pitch and play half decent but not effect the game. ‘That’s where we’re at at the moment, we’ve got to be more effective in the opposition final third. We’re getting into good positions but not just quite taking control of that.’ 