  The Igbo communities and the Council of Eze Ndigbo in Lagos State has endorsed Dr. Abdul Azeez Olajide Adediran the Peoples Democratic Party’s governorship candidate as their preferred candidate ahead of the Saturday 11 March,2023 election. At an endorsement parley that witnessed a large turnout of Igbos resident in Lagos, the PDP gubernatorial candidate Dr. Adediran was officially endorsed by the council of Eze Ndigbo and Igbo Communities. The Eze of Ikorodu David Nwosu who officiated the endorsement note that it was a decision of the council of Eze Ndigbos to endorse Dr. Adediran. “On behalf of the council of Eze Ndigbo and Igbo Communities hereby endorse Dr. Abdul Azeez Olajide Adediran as our preferred candidate for the Saturday governorship election”. The Eze of Isolo HRM Eze Jude Emeka Arinze who was part of the council note that as royal fathers, they see all candidates as their children upon whom they will give their blessings. We are royal fathers we endorse everybody and any candidate that comes to us. They are all our children so we don’t play partial we only give them blessings. Responding to the honour done on him by the Igbo communities, Dr. Adediran gave a trajectory of his relationship with the Igbo community, noting that any group of people bringing prosperity in a state deserves ease of doing business not otherwise. “Congratulates Igbos. I want to tell all of us that this battle is the Lord’s, by this time next week we shall be celebrating our victory. “By this time next week all of us, we will be out of bad government, that will not let us breath on the roads and markets. “The government releasing thugs to create unrest, we will put an end to them. “Make no mistake this Jandor standing before you, put out the votes I am ready to protect it. “Whatever has happened in the centre is inconsequential we are taking our Lagos back. “If anybody says today that Lagos is a rich state, it is because of your contributions in Alaba International Market, as well as in Ladipo, Aspanda, Trade Fair and other Markets.  “Wherever your people are making money, you don’t give them problems but ease of doing business. “Prior to the Presidential election, you promised Jandor no worry March 11 is your own. “You have been able to prove one thing, that wherever you stand you don’t shake. “Every PDP candidates that lost election on Saturday lost to no one but Peter Obi. “For this coming election there is one man who have been identifying with you, for very long time since Year 2020 we have been there with you. “Since the time we had inauguration in this place, Ladipo Market, Alaba Market, I stood by you and will continue to stand by you. This coming election is for our freedom. “A semblance of jubilation of Abacha’s death will be re enacted , we have not seen the end of the first election just calm down. “We will come out enmasse to vote but we have to realise that when they have god-father, Jandor will talk to God the father. “We will provide adequate security, we will protect ourselves both conventional and unconventional. “Those bringing prosperity ought not to be treated badly, they are not from here, we are the owners of the state, everything that will give us prosperity will be encouraged. Dr. Adediran insisted that he will ensure an inclusive government is in place, recognizing the contribution of the Ndigbos to Lagos Prosperity. They recognized Igbokwe but I have them in their numbers. “We will be our own army, we will protect our votes and ourselves in this election coming,” he added. “Nobody will say we should not run the government together.” We are not riding on anyone’s pace. “ Said Dr. Adediran. 