   Apex Igbo socio-cultural organisation, Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide has described the continuous attacks on the Igbos residing in Lagos State as unacceptable. The Igbo group was reacting to the arson on Akere market, dominated by Igbo traders. A security guard was killed during the incident carried out by suspected political thugs, with over 200 shops burnt. Ohanaeze youths, in a statement on Friday by its National President, Mazi Okwu Nnabuike said some personalities, including Femi Fani-Kayode should be arrested for making inciting statements earlier before the attack. READ ALSO: Our position on Peter Obi sacrosanct – Ohanaeze Recall that the APC chieftain had accused the Labour Party governorship candidate in Lagos State, Gbadebo Rhodes-Vivour of playing Igbo cards. According to Fani-Kayode: “How can such a well brought up & distinguished young man be one of those that joined the mob to burn buses during the Endsars riots? “How can he be one of those that turns his back on his own Yoruba people, hero worship secessionists like Ojukwu & conspire to hand over Lagos to the Igbo. Can any Igbo man do that for a Yoruba in the East? Is he aware of what the Yoruba were subjected to in parts of the east during the just concluded presidential election? “Does he know the number of Igbos that were killed, tortured & whose homes were burnt in the east simply because they dared to vote for Bola Ahmed Tinubu, a Yoruba man? READ ALSO: Ohanaeze, Southeast monarchs urge Ndigbo to ignore sit-at-home Order Reacting to the developments, Ohanaeze said the burning of the spare parts market was a case of “a witch crying in the night and a baby dying in the morning.” The apex Igbo group said: “Fani-Kayode and his ilks prepared the ground for the mayhem being unleashed on the Igbo people in Lagos. Apart from the market fire, many Igbo people have been attacked in different parts of Lagos. “Ndigbo have suffered enough injustice in this country and it should not be allowed to continue. It is incomprehensible that Fani-Kayode should brand the LP candidate as an IPOB apologist. What it means is that Fani-Kayode’s children from his estranged wife Chinwendu are all IPOB members. “We know Fani-Kayode as a man without character; he says one thing in the morning and another in the afternoon, changes again in the night once food is dangled before him. “However, he should let Ndigbo be and not drag us into his inconsistent personality. His claims of supporters of Tinubu being killed in the South-East during the presidential election is just one of those his moonlight tales and should be discountenanced. 