 The Deputy Governorship Candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Lagos State, Funke Akindele,  on Wednesday toured major markets on Lagos Island, soliciting votes for party’s candidates. Akindele, the running mate of the PDP Governorship Candidate in Lagos,  Dr Abdul-Azeez Adediran,  (Jandor), in the 2023 general elections, told traders that only PDP would alleviate their suffering and hardship in markets and in the state. The actress, who visited Mami Market, Obada Obalende, Obalende Ijeh Market, Ajah Market and other major markets was given a rousing welcome as traders swarmed and thronged around her in admiration. In each of the markets visited, Akindele assured the traders that PDP government would alleviate their plights, provide enabling environment, social amenities and soft loans for them to do their businesses. According to her, the PDP government will not let them down but empower them and ensure free and compulsory education for their children with free school uniforms and at least a meal per day. Akindele said: “The sufferings and hardship in Lagos state is too much. It is time for a real change in our condition and the change is in your hands. “It is your right to have better Lagos where you have enabling environment for your businesses. “Your fate is in your hands, the power is in your hand to rescue the state using your PVCs. “When we say fight for Lagos, we are not saying you should bring out cutlasses and knives but to bring out your PVCs and use it to install a better governance for yourself and your children. “I bring good news to you women that Jandor (Adediran) has made provision for women, children and people living with disabilities,” she said. Akindele said that the next government would be for women, men, children, old, young and special children. She urged the traders to go and pick up their PVCs and vote for PDP candidates in all the elections to bring relief to their hardship in the state Akindele added: “I will never represent bad deal and that is why I am standing with Jandor (Adediran). We want to take over Lagos State so that we can give you a better Lagos. “Go and collect your PVCs, if you have yours already, please on election day, come out and vote PDP. “We need a change. The one APC did is enough, we must do another party. Vote all PDP candidates, I beg.” Akindele assured them that she would not let the people of the state down. “I will not disappoint you, we shall protect you and your children as well as the physically challenged people. Let us try PDP and bring in fresh air. We won’t let you down. “The time has come for a turnaround in the state. We will not renege on promises. We shall reform and turnaround Lagos with the huge wealth in the state. “We shall build modern markers, provide soft loans, fire service and mobile health care close to markets. Lagos has money to do these. “We will make sure we protect our youths, we will empower them. We will make a change,” she promised. In an interactive session with Market leaders at Ajah Market, Akindele said that with PDP at the helms of affairs in Lagos State, many of the tears of the traders would be wiped away. 