    National Daily previously reported that Chelsea had prioritized the transfer of the Argentina World Cup winner Enzo Fernandez in their bid to bolster their midfield with the intention of pushing for a top four finish in the English Premier League this season. And though it was understood that Benfica have strongly resisted the attempt to sanction the transfer during this January window as they intend to keep the 22-year-old for the remainder of the season. Meanwhile, the Stamford Bridge club were reported to be nursing the plan to revive their push for Fernandez yet again this January, but the latest report reaching National Daily reveals that the Argentina star is not ready to force a move to leave Benfica for Chelsea this month as the Blues prepare a new offer for him. Chelsea were unable to agree a deal with Benfica earlier this month with the Portuguese giants reluctant to sell the midfielder for less than his £106million release clause. The 21-year-old was eager to make the move, however, agreeing personal terms with the Premier League side. The midfielder also returned to Argentina without his club’s permission for New Year’s celebrations, skipping training in the process as he tried to force through the move. Chelsea’s efforts angered Benfica, with head coach Roger Schmidt accusing the Blues of turning the midfielder ‘crazy’ and had only ‘pretended’ they could pay the release clause. While Fernandez had been desperate to join Chelsea this month, National Daily now learnt from the claim by Record that the Argentine has now ‘changed his attitude’ over the move to Stamford Bridge and is fully committed to finishing the season in Portugal. Again, it is understood that Fernandez is also set to receive a €2million loyalty bonus should he remain at the club. In a further blow to Chelsea’s plans, Benfica are adamant they will not sell Fernandez for less than his £106million release clause. Chelsea are thought to have offered to pay over that release clause earlier this month but asked for the £112m fee to split across three yearly instalments. Chelsea also tried to tempt Benfica with an offer of £79m along with Hakim Ziyech and two other players on loan. After returning to the side earlier thit month, Fernandez scored in a 2-0 win in the quarter-final of the Portuguese Cup, tapping the club badge and pointing to the floor as he celebrated in a clear indication of his intent to stay. ‘I never had any doubts about his attitude or his personality. He’s a great person, he’s at Benfica and he loves playing for Benfica,’ Schmidt later said. When asked if he expects the midfielder to remain at Benfica for the rest of the season, Schmidt replied: ‘I hope so.’ 