The presidential candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, and his loyalists have been thrown into panic as 11 APC governors, 37 APC senators and 15 House of Representatives members have been detected to be supporting and covertly working for the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), former Vice President Atiku Abubakar, for the 2023 presidential election. The spokesperson of the PDP Presidential Campaign Council, Daniel Bwala, was gathered to have disclosed in a media interaction that as at first week of December 2022, 37 senators and 15 members of the House of Representatives elected of the APC had shifted their loyalty to Atiku and have been mobilising support for the victory of the PDP in the 2023 presidential election. Bwala confirmed the acknowledgement of a loyalist of Tinubu, Prince Kassim Afegbua, who disclosed in a media interaction that ‘he had it on good authority that Atiku met with three APC governors in Dubai’. Afegbua was cited to have stated: “I am aware and have it on good authority that the Atiku group held a meeting with three APC Governors in Dubai, but it won’t yield any positive result.” Earlier,  five APC governors were reported to be holding consultation with Atiku. The APC has been engulfed in latent internal crisis which several members of the party have not been voicing out publicly. Their negotiation with Atiku appears to be a silent alternative to their political career. Bwala had stated: “as early as first week of December, we already have 11 APC governors that are supporting our cause and it is still counting. We have 37 APC senators and 15 House of Reps members. That was first week of December. You can imagine by now how much more we would have gained.” National Daily had earlier reported that the agitating five governors of the PDP, known as PDP G5, may not be internally united to work against the PDP and its presidential candidate, Atiku, in 2023. Peculiar political scenarios were said to guide the respective governors on their decision to support a particular party in the 2023 elections. Even when Afegbua assumed that the meeting of the three APC governors with Atiku in Dubai will not yield any positive result, Tinubu and his kitchen ‘cabinet’ were gathered to be having sleepless nights over the incursion of Atiku into the APC, even while the PDP G5 are negotiating with the APC presidential candidate..