Obasanjo’s Presidential Library gets Oyakhilome Future Africa Leaders Foundation’s N.5b Former President, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo’s Presidential Library, the Olusegun Obasanjo PresidentialLibrary (OOPL) has been boosted with N500m donation to support aims and objectives. The pledge was made on behalf of the of the President of the Future Africa Leaders Foundation (FALF), Rev. Dr Chris Oyakhilome, on Monday, in Abeokuta, Ogun State capital. The Special Assistant on Media to the former President, Kehinde Akinyemi in statement said that the 2017 Star Prize Winner, Ms Naomi Ekpoki made the announcement shortly after the Presidential Interactive Session with about 30 young Africans drawn from various African countries. Ekpoki said that the N500m pledge from the Foundation “is in support of the aims and objectives of the library and the dividends it has yielded in the work of our young leaders who are in pursuit of a greater Africa. “We are confident that the library will continue to fulfill its purpose in ingraining in the hearts and minds of the ambassadors and by extension all visitors, the true values of democracy.” She stressed that “since its inception in 2005, the Olusegun Obasanjo Presidential Library has been a reservoir of history and knowledge that inspire and promote democracy, peace, development and justice for all. We are most grateful to you, sir, for compiling such important materials that serve as a reference for decision making for leaders of all levels and in all spheres of life. “The library has been a repository of education, wisdom and insight for our Future Africa Leaders Awards Ambassadors and for this, the foundation remains deeply grateful to Baba for the personal investment of his time in making every visit most memorable for our young leaders. “Your Excellency, with a deep sense of honor, we appreciate you, sir, for your passion and commitment to peace, and good governance in Nigeria and across the African Continent. We echo the words of our man of God, Pastor Chris where he described your Excellency as a Peacemaker and furthermore the words of our Lord in Matthew Chapter 5 and verse 9, ‘Blessed are the Peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God’. Obasanjo described the gesture as a new year special gift, “and an indication that the year will be good one for all”. The visiting Ambassadors were told by the former President to hold on to what is right and keep during what is right for the progress and development of Africa.