 By Umoh Bassey Regina Asika Williams, the Ex Nigerian beauty queen and social media Mega celebrity in analysing the different Governorship Candidate in Akwa Ibom State, put the *”Last Man Standing?”* on the picture of Arc Nya-Etok. The write up that was a simple analysis of the situation is becoming a reality by the day. Overtime, *Arc Nya-Etok* the Governorship Candidate of ADC has worked himself into mega reckoning and considered one of the *”Big Five”* of the Governorship race. Incidentally, it seems like the Mega principalities in AKS Governorship Election are falling like the fall of Jericho. Akan Udofia of APC – DISQUALIFIED. Sen. Bassey Albert of YPP – JAILED. Pst. Umo Eno of PDP – CONVICTED. (today) Sen. James Udoedehe of NNPP – DOUBLE NOMINATION FORM. It’s important you take note of the above new developments as the event unfolds, and INEC Nigeria should also take judicial note. The first to fall was Akan Udofia of APC, who was disqualified by the court, on the ground of not qualified to contest on the platform of APC. The second to fall was Sen Bassey Albert of YPP, who was Convicted by Justice Agatha Okeke of the Federal High Court on a six-count charge bordering on money laundering and receipt of exotic cars worth N204 million. Speculation going round is that, Sen Udoedehe (is in the same boat with Akan Udofia) and Sen Bassey will be affected by the New Electoral Law disposition and on Double Nomination Form) respectively. Effectively leaving *Arc Ezekiel Nya-Etok* of ADC and Pst Umo Eno of PDP as the two people standing (not withstanding Pst Umo Eno has a pending court cases) Today, with this current Conviction of Pst Umo Eno, Arc Ezekiel Nya-Etok is left as the only one with absolutely no court case, no ICPC case, no EFCC case, no Waec issue, no forgery, no offence on the New Electoral Act, and no double nomination saga. To refresh your memory. Just two days ago, the Elders of Akwa Ibom State lead by Arc Obong Victor Attah had put up a Mega platform for all the Governorship Candidates to showcase themselves and what they have for the people of Akwa Ibom State. Speculation ongoing has it that, the show was not connected with the emerging reality that Arc Ezekiel Nya-Etok is the Last Man Standing, and they need to watch his performance. Curiously, there is an insertion in the Peace Accord that was signed, that no Candidates will be discriminated against, on basis of tribe, the section of where the Candidate comes from. This was seen as a subtle and tactical clearance to Arc Nya-Etok on the issue of Zoning. This makes the coast more clear for him. With all these considered, it goes to agree with tones of prophecies that had come over 2years ago, that the New Governor of Akwa Ibom will be one that is fresh and from non of the established parties. A passage always quoted is the Book of Ezekiel, where God say ‘ “`He will overturn, overturn and overturn… until it comes whose turn it is and He will give it him.’“` Arc Ezekiel Nya-Etok is the Last Man Standing. It’s getting clearer. Our God is not a confused God. Let’s stand and follow the handwritten on the wall. As it stands today, Arc Ezekiel Nya-Etok may well be on his way to becoming the next Governor of Akwa Abasị Ibom State, come 2023 governorship elections. 