   The 22-year-old star prize winner of the 2022 Future African Leaders Awards (FALA) Lebsey Petmia Lebaga, has revealed how the death of her elder brother from anemia at a young age inspired her to become an advocate of primary health care for rural communities in Cameroon, her country. Lebaga emerged the star prize winner among nine other winners from the over 30,000 contestants from across the African continent on December 31st, 2022 during New Year Eve Service with Pastor Chris. Speaking on the impacts at a World Press Congress by the Future African Leaders Foundation, Lebega, whose ground breaking projects in deepening primary health-care for the vulnerable various communities earned her the award, said the award would propel her to do more for her people. “I watch lots of people die from treatable diseases simply because they lack access to healthcare. Even my elder brother died from a minor complication from anaemia. So I decided towards making this primary healthcare available by training locals from various communities in Cameroon. “With this award and the voice it has given me, I’ll advocate for better health policies in Cameroon, especially in the area of health insurance for the less privileged,” she added. While appreciating Pastor Chris Oyakhilome for instituting the awards, Lebaga explained that FALA winners and ambassadors have become mentors that are now mentoring other young Africans on the need to develop Africa for Africans by Africans. READ ALSO: 2022 FALA: Obasanjo, Leymah Gbowee, Pastor Chris charges African youths “FALA has made my voice so loud now to the extent that no one could ignore my voice. It has opened doors for me to the highest places in native country. I have been able to meet with ministers and top government officials and corporate giants,” she added. The Chief Operating Officer of Loveworld Inc. Pastor Ifeoma Chiemeka in her message, said the Future African Leaders Foundation, an initiative aimed at exploring and expanding the leadership potentials in Africa and for Africa, in 2022 alone has impacted 6.9 million people through its various reach-out programs across the African continent. “Aside from mentorship and provision of facilities for the most vulnerable in communities across the African continents, we also have over 2000 youths who are currently under our educational scholarship programs. “The Foundation is also impacting African youths all around the world through mentorship programs that enable the youths to tackle prevalent challenges in Africa, and also various projects aimed at building young people and preparing them for a positive future,” she added. READ ALSO: FALA 2022: Our major problem in Africa is leadership – Obasanjo According to her, over N1bn have been spent over the years to encourage Young Africans to aspire to exemplary leadership skills and service to their communities positively. Also speaking, a Senior Executive Director of the Foundation, Pastor Olajumoke Akinsanya said in the last ten years, FALF has identified over hundred youths who have the potential to be remarkable leaders within their communities and nations. “The foundation fosters these young leaders through training and support initiatives aimed at helping them to achieve their full ability and to use their leadership skills to improve the lives of others. “This program seeks to recognize, promote and award young men and women whose exemplary leadership skills have been utilized in developing solutions to issues addressed in the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals: no poverty, no hunger, quality healthcare, quality education, gender equality, sanitation and hygiene, renewable energy, jobs and economic growth in Africa.” In his own comment, Head of Department (FALA), Pastor Ayo Adedeji explained that the Foundation is ready to do more for African youths, and opened to more partnership with like minds. “Through its programs, the Future Africa Leaders Foundation hopes to empower African youth to be leaders and change agents acting to find solutions to challenges facing their various African societies. Their acts of service have a powerful impact on their communities, nations and society,” he added.  