   The south-east council of traditional rulers has urged Nigerians to vote for Peter Obi, presidential candidate of the Labour Party (LP), in the forthcoming elections. Lawrence Agubuzu, chairman of the council, spoke when Obi paid a consultative visit to the monarchs in Enugu state on Friday. Agubuzu asked Nigerians to be detribalized and elect a candidate capable of solving Nigeria’s problems. “Obi is not an Igbo candidate, but has the preponderant home base support of people of the south-east geopolitical zone to vie for the exalted office of the Federal Republic of Nigeria,” he said. “We appeal to every Nigerian to consider Mr. Peter Obi on his own personal merits and capacity as a bona fide Nigerian. We also appeal to every Nigerian to consider every other presidential candidate as who he or she is and not on the basis of his or her tribe, religion or ethnic group. READ ALSO: Red Devils come from behind to beat Man City 2-1 to go third in Premier League “We urge Nigerians to show love to Nigeria by following the examples of the 21st century voters all over the world who have shunned themselves of primordial sentiments and elected candidates capable of eliminating poverty, corruption, unemployment, injustice and above all insecurity in their countries.” Agubuzu said the traditional rulers and elders in the zone, who had watched Obi grow up, schooled and worked in various capacities, can vouch for his “excellent” track record. He noted that this consultation provided the opportunity to inform Obi of the feeling of the people concerning his candidacy. On his part, Obi said he will ensure that those who steal public funds are permanently stopped if he’s elected president. He said lasting security and peace in communities would revive productive activities and rebound the local markets and the economy. Obi assured that his government would invest more in education and health to ensure that the frequent strikes in both sectors are stamped out. “This will enable government tap into the massive number of youths and their enormous energy for Nigeria as well as provide gainful employment for the youths,” he said. “My administration will ensure that those involved in oil theft and stealing from public funds are stopped permanently.” The LP candidate assured the traditional rulers that he would work closely with them to stem insecurity ravaging the country, when elected into office. “I have done it in Anambra state, when I was the governor and we had peculiar security situation and the traditional rulers in the state were fully involved in raising government-fully sponsored community vigilante groups and their daily supervision,” Obi said. “Involving the traditional rulers have become imperative as the heightened security situation is going towards marauders sacking communities and turning everyone both the traditional ruler and his subjects to internally displaced persons (IDPs).” 