The judgement of the Supreme Court of Nigeria  which restored the senatorial ticket of Akwa Ibom North West Senatorial District of the All Progressives Congress (APC) for the 2023 elections to former Governor Godswill Akpabio regenerated inter clan conflict in the party within Akwa Ibom State.  The aggrieved APC members are agitating for equity and justice in power rotation and zoning of the senatorial ticket among the federal constituencies in the senatorial district. The federal constituencies in the Akwa Ibom North West senatorial district, according to National Daily investigation, comprise of Ukanafun/Oruk Anam, Ikot Ekpene/Essien Udim/Obot Akara, Ini/Ikono, Abak/Etim Ekpo/Ika. The Abak/Etim federal constituency, according to National Daily finding, has five local governments, which include Ika, Abak, Etim Ekpo, Ukanafun and Oruk Anam, constituting the Abak 5. The prevailing agitation in the APC emanated from party stakeholders from the Abak 5,  where the initial APC senatorial candidate, DIG Udom Ekpoudom (rtd), emerged. The Abak 5 is the weeping zone that has never had a representative in the senate, the first opportunity of being close to getting a senator was taken away from them by Akpabio through the Supreme Court. National Daily investigation further shows that APC members in Abak 5 plan to support the senatorial candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Emmanuel Enoidem, identified to be from the district. A leader of the APC in Akwa Ibom State, Don Etiebet, former Petroleum Minister, had in a statement protested: “since 1960, Ukanafun/Oruk Anam Federal Constituency has gone to the Senate three times, whereas Ikot Ekpene/Essien Udim/Obot Akara Federal Constituency has gone five times, with Akpabio’s family twice in Nsima Akpabio and Godswill Akpabio, whereas Abak/Etim Ekpo/Ika Federal Constituency has not gone even once.” Etiebet, therefore, declared: “The four federal constituencies of Ukanafun/Oruk Anam, Ikot Ekpene/Essien Udim/Obot Akara, Ini/Ikono, Abak/Etim Ekpo/Ika, make up Akwa Ibom North West (Ikot Ekpene) Senatorial District and it is the considered opinion of all peace-loving people of Annang land that “Brother dey chop, brother no chop” is not good. And that this time round, the Abak/Etim Ekpo/Ika Federal Constituency, which has not gone to the Senate since 1960 should be given the ticket.” Etiebet, acknowledging the agreement in the PDP to give the senatorial ticket to Abak 5, stated: “in the PDP, Senator Christopher Ekpenyong from Ikot Ekpene/Essien Udim/Obot Akara Federal Constituency has stepped down for Emmanuel Enoidem from Etim Ekpo and Abak Federal Constituency.” Etiebet subsequently said that APC members from Abak 5 may not vote according to party candidate but that which best serves the interest of the zone, indicating that they may support their own son irrespective of party affiliation. The Abak 5, therefore, urged Akpabio to step down.