 The 9 Brigade, Nigerian Army said that 15 miscreants have been arrested for criminal activities in Ojota area of Lagos State in the ongoing Exercise Still Water The Brigade Commander, Brig.-Gen. Isangubong Akpaumontia, disclosed this on Saturday while briefing newsmen on success recorded by the brigade with the exercise. Akpaumontia said that the exercise which had helped reduced the activities of crime in the area again led to the arrest of miscreants suspected to be cultists and robbers in the vicinity. “We took off from our base in Ojota around 01:00 hours and went to the dumpsite in Ojota, where we arrested some miscreants based on information we got from reliable sources. “We have been having constant report of attacks on motorists and individuals in that area as well as reports of miscreants snatching personal items of unsuspecting passerbys. “The miscreants were caught with ladies handbags and drugs suspected to be marijuana. They will be handed over to the police,” he said. The commander said that the dumpsite was a major black spot in Ojota, adding that the Nigerian Army would continue to take necessary action to bring peace and tranquility back to that area. “This is one of the reasons why we sited our camp at Ojota to ensure that peace is upheld in the area. “I sound a warning to miscreants to desist from their nefarious activities because we will ensure that there is no place for them to perpetrate their crime in the state. “I urge citizens to go about their normal business without fear of being attacked and I assure the public that Lagos is calm and that we, the army, dictate what happens,” he said. Akpaumontia added that the arrest of the suspected hoodlums was not as a result of the chaos that happened on Monday because of those agitating for Yoruba nation. “The arrest is not as a result of the fall out of the Yoruba nation agitators that happened on Monday in Ojota but it’s as a result of Exercise Still Water. “Not too long ago, we were at Lagos-Ibadan Expressway to make sure that there is no interference of hoodlums on the people,” he said. The commander said that the army would be carrying out this operation on a regular basis, especially as the elections draw near to ensure that people feel safe in their respective places. He noted that this was in line with the vision of the Chief Of Army Staff (COAS) Lt.-Gen. Faruk Yahaya, which is to have “A Professional Nigeria Army Ready To Accomplish Assigned Missions Within A Joint Environment In Defence Of Nigeria. The News Agency of Nigeria reports that Exercise Still Water was flagged off in October, 2022 to curtail the activities of criminals in Lagos State and its environs. 