Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu Lagos State at the 23rd Annual Thanksgiving Service – “Praising The Name of God,” organised by the First Family of Lagos State, in conjunction with the Ministry of Home Affairs, at the Tafawa Balewa Square, Lagos, on Sunday, testified that the All progressives Congress (APC) government in the state has fulfilled all the promises made in 2019, saying that the government is moving towards the greater Lagos of its dream. Governor Sanwo-Olu appealed to residents of Lagos State to continue to keep faith with his administration, because his government has lived up to the excellent spirit associated with Lagos State in line with the THEMES developmental agenda.  The governor added that his administration has delivered many laudable and iconic projects in all the six-pillars of his development agenda in his first term in office. Governor Sanwo-Olu said that President Muhammadu Buhari will in two weeks’ time  come to Lagos to commission some of the iconic projects. The projects were identified to include the First Phase of the Blue Line Rail from Marina to Mile 2, Imota Rice Mill, First Phase of the Lekki-Epe Expressway and the J Randle Centre for Yoruba Culture and History, including the flag-off of Phase II of the Blue Line Rail from Mile 2 to Okokomaiko.  The governor subsequently, declared: “As we offer our deep and heartfelt gratitude to God, at this thanksgiving, I wish to enjoin all Lagosians to continue to keep faith with us, and rest assured that the Greater Lagos of our collective dream is within reach.” Governor Sanwo-Olu further stated: “This year’s Thanksgiving is significant because this is a general election year for Nigeria. Part of our supplications to God today is for us to witness another smooth and peaceful transition of government; a transition that will defy the evil predictions of anarchy and violence peddled every election season by false prophets and enemies of our dear land. “Even as we seek the face of the Lord regarding this transition season, I am certain that the good people of Lagos State will once again choose the team that has been able to fulfil the mandate entrusted to it. “We have done everything we promised, by the Special Grace of God. We have kept the promises we made to you, this time four years ago, when we were seeking your mandate to administer the Center of Excellence. “Indeed, we are well on our way to the Greater Lagos of our dreams, and even as we get to the end of our first term in office, our energy has not flagged. We are still going strong, because our goal is to finish strong, and start a new term on an even stronger note.”