    Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has endorsed Peter Obi of the Labour Party (LP) for the presidency. He made the endorsement on Sunday in his New Year message to Nigerians. “None of the contestants is a saint but when one compares their character, antecedent, their understanding, knowledge, discipline and vitality that they can bring to bear and the great efforts required to stay focused on the job, particularly looking at where the country is today and with the experience on the job that I personally had, Peter Obi as a mentee has an edge,” the former president said. READ ALSO: Obasanjo spends 15m on school in LG “Others like all of us have what they can contribute to the new dispensation to liberation, restoration and salvaging of Nigeria collectively. One other important point to make about Peter is that he is a needle with thread attached to it from North and South and he may not get lost. In other words, he has people who can pull his ears, if and when necessary. “Needless to say that he has a young and able running mate with a clean track record of achievement both in public and private life.” Meanwhile, the former Anambra governor in his New Year message said the 2023 elections mark the beginning of a “turning point” in Nigeria’s history. The LP flagbearer said he and his running mate, Datti Baba-Ahmed, are ready to serve with love and strength if elected into office in May 2023. “To our support groups, Labour Party members, Labour Union members and Nigerians who have continued to support our campaign, thank you for joining the Obidient movement and for everything you’ve done and will do to help our campaign. “With the presidential election just about 55 days from today, Datti Baba-Ahmed and reiterate our determination to serve Nigeria with love, strength and faith, and diligently implement Our Pact With Nigeria (Manifesto) from May 2023 to create a New Nigeria, a renewed nation bound in freedom, prosperity, peace and unity. “While Datti Baba-Ahmed and I are committed to lead, we need your support. We implore you to secure your PVC, come out with your family and friends on the 25th February and vote for your future! Vote Labour Party! Vote Peter Obi/Datti Baba-Ahmed! “Vote for the character, competence and commitment that you can trust to secure and unite Nigeria, end poverty and hunger through agricultural revolution, particularly in our northern region and other productive revolutions in different regions of our dear country, empower our children and youths through proper education and health and many others plans and targets that we have.” Obi also called on all Nigerians to support him in saving the country, saying he will not leave any of his promises unfulfilled.  