 A pan-Yoruba socio-political organisation, Afenifere, has cautioned against postponement or cancellation of the 2023 general elections on the excuse of insecurity. Afenifere, in a statement on Tuesday by the National Publicity Secretary, Jare Ajayi, disagreed with the warning of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) that in the light of mounting concerns around the spate of insecurity across the country, the elections may not hold. The group insisted that Nigerians are prepared for the elections and, therefore, the elections must hold as scheduled. Afenifere noted that Nigerians were re-assured by the statement of the Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, that nothing will stop the elections as scheduled. Afenifere declared: “Every effort must be made to ensure that the general elections slated for February and March this year not only hold successfully, but that winners emerge and are sworn in on May 29, 2023 as stipulated by relevant laws. “…we feel that there is the need to let anyone thinking of postponement or cancellation of the elections that such a thing is and will remain unacceptable, no matter the reason. “We recall that in 2015, there was insecurity too to the extent that some local government areas, specifically in Borno State, were in the hands of Boko Haram terrorists. Yet elections were held. There also was insecurity in 2019 and elections were not stopped. “In Nigeria, there is often the tendency to fly a kite. Most of the time, such kites are on policies or steps that were usually not in the best interest of the Nigerian public. “This is why it is very important to clearly sound this note of warning without any ambiguity. This is why we are stating clearly that Nigerians are prepared for the elections just as the whole world is awaiting the elections. “Nothing whatsoever should alter the schedule or cause is postponement let alone cancellation.” The Afenifere recalled that the INEC Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, had stated that the commission is not leaving anything to chance in ensuring that security is provided “for the conduct of free, fair, credible and inclusive elections”, noting that  INEC has, so far, demonstrated its commitment to giving the country an election package that will be celebrated positively. The group added that President Muhammadu Buhari had repeatedly assured that  the 2023 elections will not only hold, but will be free, fair and credible; and also stated that he will retire to his country home in Daura, Katsina State immediately he hands over on May 29, 2023. The  Afenifere, therefore, declared: “So much has been invested into the forthcoming general elections. Everything must be done to ensure that the elections are held and held successfully.” 