 The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has alleged that the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) of masterminding a plot to postpone the forthcoming general election. In a statement on Friday, Debo Ologunagba, PDP’s national publicity secretary, alleged that the APC planned to take advantage of insecurity to “impose an undemocratic situation on our country”. “Our party had earlier alerted the nation of a well-oiled plot by the APC to orchestrate security situation and promote circumstances to warrant the postponement of the 2023 general elections by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC),” the statement reads. “The APC and its presidential candidate Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu know that they have no chance at all in the coming elections, having been rejected by Nigerians because of their multiple failures, recklessness, humongous corruption, violence and continuing infliction of pains, hardship and life-discounting experiences on Nigerians in the last seven and half years. READ ALSO: Buhari avoiding ‘booby trap’ of identifying with Tinubu, PDP mocks APC “The APC and its leaders are desperate to use their doomsday orchestrations to frighten and blackmail INEC to alter the electoral schedule after which the APC will take advantage of the situation to unsettle the general election, foist a constitutional crisis and truncate the nation’s democratic process. “The PDP therefore charges INEC, as an independent institution, not to succumb to the blackmails of the APC but focus on its preparations and fix its eyes on delivering a free, fair, transparent and credible election on February 25, 2023.” In reaction to the PDP’s claim, Bayo Onanuga, APC presidential campaign council spokesperson, described the PDP’s position as “senseless”. According to Onanuga, the accusations by PDP are a ploy to distract Nigerians from its “absentee presidential candidate”. “President Muhammadu Buhari who has given this country the most credible elections both regular and off season since 2015 has consistently assured Nigerians, even up to two days ago that 2023 elections will hold.” The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has, again, accused the All Progressives Congress (APC) of masterminding a plot to postpone the forthcoming general election.