  Deacon Segun Adewale the Peoples Democratic Party’s Lagos West Senatorial candidate has declared that the jostle for the district’s seat is never a task to be committed to political novices. Adewale made the assertion while flagging off his campaign today with a mini rally in the heart of the Senatorial district and the state capital,Ikeja L.G.A The rally which started along the sidewalks of Obafemi Awolowo Way, Ikeja, according to a statement signed by Mr Segun Ogundairo the Communications Director Segun Adewale Campaign Organisation (SACO) later dovetails into a funfair campaign as supporters of Deacon Segun Adewale trooped out enmasse to openly identify with their own, shout of Aero,Aero,Aero rents the air coupled with their vuvuzela and trumpet, as they made their way through Ikeja toward Agege.  Ikeja and environs had traffic lockdown due to the massive support he naturally received from the people, starting from Akilo/Ogba axis, Agege, and parts of Ifako Ijaiye the traffic was heavy as the campaign train moves on. Deacon Segun Adewale moved through the crowd at each local government like Santa Claus, distributing a variety of gifts, including plasma televisions, generator sets, food, empowerment cash, and mobile phones to thousands of individuals right on spot. It was a spectacle to behold as the chants soon grew into a call and response from the people to their leader. The energy, charisma, and love of the people towards him are undeniable. It is evident why he is called the man of the people. The PDP senatorial candidate while addressing the teeming crowd of supporters at the computer village urged residents to vote for him and the candidates of the Peoples Democratic Party in the House of Representatives, and Assembly elections.  He urged the people to get their Permanent Voter Cards before the January distribution deadline lapsed and to vote for competent leaders. “Without your PVC, you cannot vote, and you must vote because I am sure you want a change of government.” “You want a government that will work for you, your children, and your family. I beg you to please collect your PVC and vote for us.” The PDP senatorial candidate, Deacon Segun Adewale, while addressing residents of Lagos West in Ikeja, Agege, and Ifako-Ijaye local government areas, maintained that “government is a serious business, and it is not for the inexperienced, but for persons with proven track records in public and private endeavours,”  Deacon Segun Adewale emphasized that, as an accomplished businessman, philanthropist, and astute politician, he has proven track records both in the public and private sectors. He restated his commitment to fulfilling his pledges to the residents of Lagos West if he is elected on February 25, 2023. Responding to his call many of the Lagos West’s residents affirmed that they are ready to cast their votes for Aeroland in the February 25th, 2023 election, acknowledging as a fact that Aeroland is the right man to represent the Lagos West Senatorial District, and that his street credibility cannot be questioned.  