  Governor Udom Emmanuel of Akwa Ibom State has expressed disappointment over Asiwaju Bola Tinubu’s unbridled, unpatriotic and immature remarks when he referred to the State Governor as “a boy”. Emmanuel made the reaction at Government House, Uyo on Monday evening, on the sideline of the inauguration of newly appointed Permanent Secretaries, Chairmen and Members of Boards and Commissions, as well as a Transition Committee to ensure the smooth transition of power to the next administration. The Governor said it was unfortunate that Tinubu, who was granted State-owned facilities such as the airport, security, stadium, and a good atmosphere to sell his manifesto, ended up coming to insult the integrity of over 7.9 million Akwa Ibom people. National Daily reports that Bola Tinubu had during his presidential campaign at the Akwa Ibom International Stadium, Uyo on Monday said “Akwa Ibom, that Boy has brought Atiku here, wey dey call himself Governor, tell him enough is enough! He lives in my backyard in Lagos, If no be say we be one I would have driven him home. You see that mansion he is living, I would just use lizards, pigeons and scorpions and put them inside.“ ALSO READ: Kwankwaso loses another NNPP chieftain to PDP In his reaction, Governor Udom Emmanuel wondered if it is possible for any Akwa Ibomite to go to Lagos where Tinubu stays or the actual State that he hails from, to insult him in like manner and still be allowed to safely return home, “but here our people at the Stadium including some state governors just laughed and applauded him”. Governor Emmanuel said despite being insulted by the one-time Lagos State Governor, he would prefer to allow peace to reign by ignoring him and focusing on helping install good governance to rescue Nigerians from their present woes. “What makes him think he will govern Nigeria? If I reply to him now, people will call me and say, Haba Oga you are not like that. But I will reply to him one day. There is nothing like ‘Emilokan’ (it is my turn) here, Nigeria is in God’s hands.” The Governor who is the Chairman of the PDP presidential campaign stated, “I also go to other states, and if you watch our campaigns, my principal (Atiku Abubakar) has never spoken about any Governor, he has never spoken openly about Asiwaju before.” The Akwa Ibom Governor however assured Nigerians that Tinubu has nothing to bring to the table for Nigerians, hence his decision to abuse people and rain insults during his presidential campaigns.   