   “Every minister worthy of the name has to walk the line between prophetic vision and spiritual sustenance, between telling people the comforting things they want to hear and challenging them with the difficult things they need to hear.” ― Timothy B. Tyson, Blood Done Sign My Name: A True Story THERE are not many leaders whose trajectory could be said to have found relevance at virtually every difficult time in history as Pastor Chris Oyakhilome, President of Loveworld Nation. It appears that fate always positions him on the front burner of topical issues globally. In the last one year, he has elected to stand where others are wobbling in addressing the major challenges facing the world in the 21st Century where big corporate organizations are taking over the running of affairs of the world, relegating governments to the background. Using the media platforms of the Loveworld Networks and beyond, Pastor Chris has been at the forefront of addressing some of the emerging global issues that are literally pushing the world to the brink. Many who have tuned in to his &#39; Your Loveworld Specials&#39; with Pastor Chris, have been enlightened through his unveiling of some hidden truths in the world. And for this, he has been at the receiving end of targeted attacks by agents of the new global order, and their hirelings, yet, he waxes even greater. Furthermore, he has been at the forefront of getting the Church to stay true to its mission and not getting caught napping during this end-time. He has continuously prophesied about the global cycle and why the world is living in a very auspicious time as the end of the Church Age is at hand; a stand that has equally drawn the ire of not only some Christians but also non-Christians; but even at that, he is not deterred. As Christopher Hitchens once opined: “We can always be sure of one thing—that the messengers of discomfort and sacrifice will be stoned and pelted by those who wish to preserve at all costs their own contentment. This is not a lesson that is confined to the Testaments.” Pastor Chris’ teachings in recent times, and even as before now, have sought to inform the Church about the game plans of the globalists from the manipulative strategies of using the COVID-19 as excuses to using media propaganda and disinformation to project their hidden agendas. He has deployed enlightening documentaries to expose the cunning deceptions enshrined in &#39; symbolisms&#39;, &#39; the fraud of climate change&#39; and ‘a possible vaccine holocaust’ among several global happenings. Pastor Chris has helped the Church to be abreast of the hidden truths including the knowledge that God’s saints are custodians of His righteousness, truth, and peace. He thus admonished God’s people to take advantage of their God-given rights and proclaim God’s peace all around them, even as the world is inundated with disturbing news on daily basis. All that people see today especially about the reach and influence of Pastor Chris and his ministry continues to astound, causing many to testify like they did concerning Jesus that “no man could do these miracles, …except God be with him.” With each passing day, Pastor Chris solidifies his place as a true icon of Christ, a walking manifestation of the credentials and accurate definition of “Man of God” itemized in the scriptures, revered for his approach to Christian ministry, and a blessing to the nations. REACHING THE WORLD, ONE LANGUAGE AT A TIME While every aspect of the Ministry of Pastor Chris Oyakhilome is remarkable and impactful because there is nothing he has put his mind to do that never excelled, some however have carried the message farther and wider than any other. They could be likened to the proverbial smoke that delivered the message sent through it as an emissary to the heavenly. When Pastor Chris launched the Rhapsody of Realities daily devotional 22 years ago, he knew it would reach every end and cranny of this world, but many who heard him say so, did not believe such was achievable. But today, the Rhapsody of Realities daily devotional is in every language known to man at 7858 languages, and still counting with several billions of copies in circulation. This was announced by Pastor Chris during the December 2022 Communion Service. The testimonial aspect of this is that there is no other book on earth, or any organization in the world that has achieved such feat before now. Ordinarily, this development should be of interest to global leadership, especially the United Nations which has been lamenting about how languages are going extinct not only because they lack native speakers, but also because of the absence of reading materials in such languages. The United Nations through UNESCO recently decried that the world is losing loads of native knowledge, history, cultures, and traditions because the languages that should be their vehicles are going extinct. According to UNESCO, of the over 7,151 languages spoken globally as at today, roughly 40 per cent of these languages are now endangered, often with fewer than 1,000 speakers remaining. UNESCO predicted that 1,500 known languages may no longer be spoken by the end of this century. Meanwhile, just 23 languages account for more than half the world’s population. With what Rhapsody of Realities is doing, having had the book translated into 7,858 languages of the world, will go a long way to save some languages from going extinct. This should attract the attention of global leadership bent on preserving world languages. For example, in Nigeria, the Minister of Information and Culture lamented the rate Nigerians are losing some of their languages, saying that a new law has been put in place to ensure children are taught in their mother tongues in primary schools across the country. Rhapsody of Realities helped discover 18 more indigenous languages, beyond the 502 officially listed on the Nigerian languages’ websites, thereby adding to the body of knowledge, and enriching the works of linguists on the nation’s body of languages. This is a feat of no small proportion, especially when one recollects that day in 2001 when Pastor Chris Oyakhilome stood before the congregation clutching the very first copy of the daily devotional and assuring them that it will get to everyone in the world irrespective of language. A declaration even the most avowed optimists’ thought was an overreach. That was why only few caught the revelation, when he said prophetically, that “this small book, which would be published monthly, will soon travel and be in all homes all over the world.” Though a thunderous chorus of Amen followed the prophetic proclamation, yet one block at a time, with uncommon diligence and hard work, the devotional, in just two decades, has found phenomenal expression speaking in languages people understand, and highlighting experiences they easily relate with. SETTING THE TREND According to Loveworld Publishing Director of Operations, Pastor Lola Aisida, “Never in the history of the world, and in all the record books of Guinness Book of World Records has any literary material – be it document, film, writing, book, or any piece of historical or modern parchment – been translated into over 7,000 languages.” For Aisida, the meteoric rise of the Rhapsody of Realities devotional to the most-coveted spot as the world’s Number 1 daily devotional and now the Most Translated Book (MTB) in the world, is seeded in the hard work sown by Pastor Chris and volunteers across the world who have grown into a vast network of publishers spread across several countries, churning out month after month life transforming messages, that are being translated worldwide by a web of translators who have morphed into a global network known as Translators Network International (TNI). This is quite innovative and has never been done by anybody else in the world, until now. “By any standard, the work of translation is not an easy one. If it were, the world’s popular literary pieces would have long been made available in all languages. On the contrary, authenticated records point that the most translated short film documentary is in 11 translations, the most translated short film has 22 translations, the most translated document, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, produced by United Nations in 1948, as of 2019, has been translated into only 370 languages. The acclaimed Most Professionally translated author in the world, Agatha Christie has her books translated in only 100+ languages. Pastor Chris maintains that through Rhapsody of Realities, no language goes extinct and to achieve uniformity in the message the TNI has an academy, with the headquarters in Nigeria where all translators are trained and retrained in the terms, and languages and nuances peculiar to the Ministry to ensure that what goes out monthly in all those identified languages are the right words and phrases from the author. HEALING THE BRUISED, HURTING AND SICK After the maiden edition of the Healing Streams, and five subsequent editions, a few imagined the reach and spread of the programme, but today, it has become the number one healing platform globally, as testimonies from over 100 countries keep pouring in. Lives saved, hopes restored, and millions received their healings; with the sixth edition which held in November 2022 being translated in over 6,000 languages. Through the HealingStreams.TV, a healing and miracle channel that creates an atmosphere for faith and the miraculous in and around for viewers in such a way that they take hold of God’s plan for divine health and healing, many have been saved. The spirit-filled programs express God’s love, unfailing grace, the compassion of Jesus and the healing power in the Name of Jesus. When Jesus said in John 14:12, “…He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do; because I go unto my Father,” many in the body of Christ interpreted this to mean new types of healing miracles. However, what could be greater than raising the dead, as accomplished in the ministry of Jesus? Pastor Chris’ ministry this year suggests that the Master spoke, not only of the quality of the miracles, but the proliferation of the miraculous in a hurting world. The Healing of the Nations magazine has become one of the most potent materials through millions of people around the world have made contact with the Healing Ministry of Pastor Chris. Consequently, there have been extraordinary testimonies of healing miracles from all those who have either read the testimonies and faith inspiring articles or had physical contact with the publication. If the Lord Jesus returned today, it would be on record that His words in John 14:12 did not fall to the ground. Through Pastor Chris Oyakhilome, little children, women, the elderly, and the poor all received a touch of divine healing and restoration. And many have been raised from dead. PASTOR CHRIS: WORTH HEARING “Truth is often uncomfortable. It is only comforting to those who do not wish to ignore it. Then, truth becomes not only comforting, but inspiring.”— Neale Donald Walsch. Pastor Chris has elected to speak the unpopular and uncomfortable truth in a world that is comfortable in acquiescence. He has remained steadfast in his call for preparation instructing the global audience to prepare their hearts to serve the Lord, to make preparations for the house of God, to prepare with the Gospel, and to prepare to meet God. Like the voice of John the Baptist preparing the way for the Lord Jesus, Pastor Chris began to strengthen the revelation of Jesus’ imminent return, which he began to unveil in 2020, to be much sooner than we all imagined. This singular shift has resulted in a greater unity in the body of Christ as ministers in the International School of Ministry Ministers’ Network (ISMMN) and the Rhapsody Evangelistic Outreach Network (REON) consolidate efforts in line with the spirit of the message. In 2021 alone, REON ministers organized over 5 million outreaches which culminated in the salvation of 600,000 souls. The Global Ministers Classroom, another initiative of Pastor Chris where Ministers of the Gospel from various denominations had over 78 million men and women of God in attendance. CHANGING THE GLOBAL LANDSCAPE OF GOSPEL MUSIC AND ARTS Pastor Chris has through his teachings brought the Church to a new level of appreciation of true praise and worship that God demanded in the Holy Scriptures and how it should be offered. According to him, God orchestrated music for his praise and worship alone. However, through the years music has been so corrupted by the devil such that even the Church began to copy the way of the world and thereby became worldly. “This is now changing,” he said, adding that “the Church must return to the Bible definition of true praise and worship that is befitting to God Almighty, the way He wants it.” The Loveworld Festival of Music and Arts (LFMA) this year provided thousands who were physically present and millions who participated in the LIMA Awards night that was transmitted to a global audience, the unique opportunity to experience praise and worship in a new dimension. LFMA and LIMA, are among other highly innovative visions from Pastor Chris Oyakhilome. It is not for nothing that as at today, Christ Embassy has produced more gospel songs written under the guidance of the Holy Spirit with lyrics that are to the praise and worship of God alone than any other Ministry in the world. To sustain and encourage more Spirit-bred talents, Pastor Chris established the LFMA and Loveworld International Music and Arts, LIMA, Awards are platforms given by him to celebrate the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ through the uniqueness, beauty, excellence, colours and diversities of the Music and Arts Ministry of the LoveWorld Nation. The reach of the music and arts is extended to all ages, languages, colours and peoples of the Earth. In fact, the LIMA AWARDS which saw the recognition of 100 Best Songs out of the several hundreds of songs written and sung this year, the highest ever, has been dubbed the greater than Grammy because this celebrates TRUE gospel music, and there has never been anything like it in the whole world. This third edition of the LFMA took place showcasing how far the event has gone and the impact it has made thus far since its inception in 2015. At the LFMA 2022, attendees experienced a heavy downpour of the glory and the blessings of God in music and all forms of the Arts. At the LFMA 2022 was an exhibition of the tools of evangelism and Christian growth through music and arts.  PRAYING FOR THE WORLD Being a great advocate of prayers, and the importance of prayers, Pastor Chris has broken records in leading the longest-standing unbroken prayer chain globally which as at the time of this compilation stands at 1064 days, 9 hours, 33mins, and 34 seconds (As at December 5, 2022). Through the PastorChrisLive Pray-a-Thon involving thousands of praying groups of several Christian ministries. Speaking of the end-times, the Lord Jesus and the Apostles emphasized the role of prayers for all men, selfless prayers that establish the will of God in the name of Jesus, while maintaining laser focus on separating God’s people from the prayers of the “give me” kind. No wonder his Global Days of Prayer continue to see the participation of billions of people of all races, ethnicities, and nationalities. The revelation of the Christian’s place in Christ as the restraining force against Satan’s evils has sunk into the Church like never before and has resulted in several victories won against the COVID-19 agenda, revealed by Pastor Chris to be a satanic ploy to buy more time of tyranny over the nations. A TEACHER TO THE SAVED AND UNSAVED In this year of the supernatural, Pastor Chris has deployed ‘Your LoveWorld Special’ as a veritable platform to bless millions around the world with live ministrations of God’s word. Following his teaching, the man of God under a special and spur-of-the-moment unction of the Holy Spirit, ministered to the sick, with specific mention of cases of asthma, and loss of the sense of taste, amongst others. Speaking forth words in the power of the Spirit, he urged the viewers who had received healing miracles to immediately call in and share their testimonies with the global live audience. With every new episode of the “Your LoveWorld” telecasts that have become the bane of nefarious shadow governments around the world, Pastor Chris brings to light the discussions of powerful men and women concocted in their “hidden” chambers. Most of the issues he spoke about of which he was called a conspiracy theorist all came to pass to the extent that even some within the mainstream media acknowledged he spoke about them. In these times, the man of God, Pastor Chris has proven to be the only voice worth hearing with his consistently accurate predictions of government actions and spiritually inspired solutions. Pastor Chris stirs the Church up to pray, and indeed, the resultant testimonies have been uncommon. As if in response to the words of Howard Thurman: “Do not be silent; there is no limit to the power that may be released through you,” Pastor Chris has never given room for anybody, organization, or government to hush him down. He has “kept saying it, don’t stop talking it,” and in doing so, he has been a great blessing to this world.       