The presidential candidate of the Labour Party (LP), Peter Obi, at a  presidential campaign of the party at the All Saints Cathedral Church field, Onitsha, Anambra State, his home, with his running mate, Datti Baba-Ahmed. Obi, including Labour Party leaders, promised to fix Nigeria and bring it to an envious height, such that no one would wish to leave for another country. The leaders of the Labour Party expressed that the massive crowd at the rally demonstrated that people are tired of the current situation in the country and embrace the reforms for a new Nigeria the LP promises. The vice presidential candidate, Baba-Ahmed, disclosed why he associates with Obi, saying the LP presidential candidate is a gift to the people of Anambra State and the “most competent” of all the presidential candidates for 2023 elections. He added that Obi is the only candidate that can unite Nigeria and make the South and the North live peacefully. Baba-Ahmed stated, “I believe in justice and that is why I’m with Peter Obi. Between South-East and North-West, there is a strong history of friendliness – in fact, between the whole South and the whole North. To live as one, a leader like Peter Obi must be elected in Nigeria.” The National Chairman of the LP, Julius Abure, stated that “the light that will rescue Nigeria” is coming from LP. Abure further stated: “Are you not a special generation? “Onitsha has always produced great leaders and another one is about to come.” Another LP prominent leader, Prof. Pat Utomi, told the people that they must have their permanent voter cards (PVCs) to participate in choosing their right leader in the elections, saying, “You will make sure that you go to the rural areas, that you talk to all those market women and tell them that it is ‘mama, papa, pikin.’” A member of the LP Presidential Campaign Council (PCC), Aisha Yesufu, added her voice, noting that the campaign had made a statement that “a new Nigeria is possible.” Obi had before the campaign, interacted with students of Nnamdi Azikiwe University in Awka, assuring them of smooth and uninterrupted academic sessions in Nigeria void of industrial actions if emerges president in 2023. At a meeting with Anambra traditional rulers at the Conference Hall of the Government House, Awka, he listed the solutions to crises of poverty, youth unemployment and drug addiction, noting that he would fight them with job creation, and economic stability through production instead of consumption. He also promised to restore security in the country.