 President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the constitution of three boards in the Federal Capital Territory Administration. The FCT Minister of State, Dr Ramatu Aliyu, in a statement signed by her Special Assistant on Media, Mr Austine Elemue, made this known on Wednesday in Abuja. The constituted boards under her supervision are the FCT Universal Basic Education, FCT Area Council Service Commission, and FCT Primary Health Care Board respectively. Aliyu said that a letter from the office of the Chief of Staff to the President, Prof. Ibrahim Gambari, revealed that the approval was sequel to a request she made in a letter dated Dec. 21, 2022 She said that the 14-member appointed to oversee the activities of the FCT Universal Basic Education Board are Prof. Abdullahi Mohammed as the Chairman, Dr Sule Alhassan, Secretary. Members of the board are Murtala Karshi, Mohammed Loko, Adaji Usman, Hassan Mohammed and Binta Mayana. Others are Aisha Baiye, Dapo Olutekunbi, Suleiman Ango, Hamidu Sarki, Hafsat Ismail, Adamu Galadima and Ndatsu Mohammed. Aliyu also listed members appointed to manage the affairs of FCT Area Council Service Commission as Audi Shekwolo, Chairman, Musa Loko, Administrative Secretary, Usman Yahaya, Permanent Member 1, Prince Suleiman Abubakar, Permanent Member 2. Others are Yuda Azana, member, Rakiya Ibrahim, Mrs Nike Abubakar, Malam Rajab Yabagi, Aisha Adamu, Abdullahi Galadima and Alhaji Shuaibu Umar. Aliyu said the 12-member appointed to oversee the activities of the FCT Primary Health Care Board are Sen. Usman Wowo, Chairman, Dr Isah Vatsa, Secretary, Mrs Sarauniya Erondu, Resident member, Amina Idris, representative of FCDA Director. Others are representative of Area Council Services Secretariat Director, Chairman of ALGON FCT Chapter, Director of FCT Treasury. Other representatives are General Manager FCT Health Management Board, Executive Secretary FCT Health Insurance Scheme, Chairman NMSA FCT branch and Chairman JOHESU, FCT branch. Aliyu said that the boards would be inaugurated soon as the appointees were expected to facilitate the administrative process in the FCT Universal Basic Education, FCT Area Council Service Commission, and FCT Primary Health Care Board.  Source – NAN 