 The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has disclosed that Justice Fadima Murtala Aminu of the Federal High Court sitting in Damaturu, Yobe State, has adjourned the trial of a former Minister of Science and Technology, Dr. Abdul Bulama, to March 21 for continuation of trial. EFCC Head of Media and Publicity, Wilson Uwujaren, in a statement, indicated that the Maiduguri Zonal Command of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) is prosecuting Bulama on a seven count charge of criminal conspiracy and money laundering to the tune of N450 million. According to the EFCC, Bulama was re-arraigned on Monday, November 8, 2021, alongside Hon. Mohammed Kadai, a former Commissioner for Integrated and Rural Development in Yobe State, Abba Gana Tata, Muhammad Mamu and Hassan Ibn Jaks. The ex-minister allegedly received the said sum from Diezani Alison-Madueke, a former Minister of Petroleum Resources, to influence the outcome of the 2015 Presidential election as the Coordinator of former President Goodluck Jonathan’s 2015 Re-election Campaign Committee in Yobe State. Kadai was Deputy Coordinator, while the other three defendants were members of the committee. EFCC highlighted that count one of the charges reads, “That you, DR. ABDU BULAMA, HON. MOHAMMED KADAI, ABBAs GANA TATA, MUHAMMAD MAMU AND HASSAN IBN JAKS on or about the 27th day of March, 2015 at Damaturu, Yobe State, within the jurisdiction of this Honourable Court, did agree among yourselves to do illegal act, to wit: conspiracy to commit money laundering and thereby committed an offence contrary to and punishable under Section 18(a) of the Money Laundering (Prohibition) Act 2011 as amended”. The EFCC said that upon re-arraignment, the defendants pleaded not guilty to the all the counts, thereafter, counsel for the prosecution, Mukhtar Ali Ahmed presented three witnesses. At the resumed hearing, counsel for the fifth defendant M. Tatama through a letter asked for an adjournment on the grounds that he was before the court of Appeal Abuja Division for pre-election matter. Justice Aminu, in a bench ruling, adjourned the matter till March 21, 2023 for continuation of cross examination of the third prosecution witness, PW3. It will be recalled that the defendants were first arraigned on Friday, May 29, 2018 before Justice Hammada Isa Dashen of the Federal High Court, Damaturu, Yobe State, on a 7-count charge of criminal conspiracy and money laundering to the tune of N450 million. During the trial before Justice Dashen, the prosecution counsel Mukhtar Ali Ahmed presented six witnesses and tendered several documents that were admitted in evidence by the court. At the close of the prosecution’s case, the defendants opted for a “no case submission” and their prayers were granted by Justice Dashen as they were discharged and acquitted. Dissatisfied with the ruling, the EFCC approached the Appellate Court to set aside the decision of the lower Court. on March 3, 2021, the Appeal Court in its judgment upheld the argument of the EFCC that the Lower Court erred in law by discharging and acquitting the defendants. The appellate court ordered that the case be returned to the Federal High Court and assigned to a judge other than Justice Dashen, to be heard de novo. 