   Nigerian Exchange Limited (NGX) has partnered with the International Finance Corporation (IFC) to conduct research on gender-based violence and harassment in Nigerian workplaces. The study is being conducted as part of the Nigeria2Equal initiative, which aims to address GBVH in the private sector and provide evidence-based recommendations for prevention. According to a statement issued by NGX, the research will focus on several key areas, including the development of a business case for creating respectful workplaces, the estimation of the cost of GBVH to participating businesses in Nigeria, and an understanding of employee perceptions and experiences of the current level of GBVH. READ ALSO: Wema Bank joins Access holdings, Airtel, others on NGX 30 Index It will also identify best practices offered by businesses, government bodies, and the community, as well as inform the design of GBVH policy and training for Nigerian companies, based on existing IFC respectful workplace tools. Irene Robinson-Ayanwale, the Divisional Head of Business Support Services and General Counsel at NGX, said the group is committed to fostering a culture of respect and inclusion in the workplace and is honoured to be part of this important initiative. “Through this study, we will gain valuable insights into the causes and effects of GBVH, as well as the best practices for preventing it. We are confident that the findings will help us, and other organizations in the private sector, to create safer and more equitable workplaces for all.” Robinson-Ayanwale further noted that the research is also expected to inform the adoption and eventual implementation of the International Labour Organization (ILO) Convention 190 on how to address GBVH in the world of work, and provide recommendations for the private sector and relevant ecosystem stakeholders on how to address GBVH in the world of work. NGX called on other organizations to join the research and actively participate in creating respectful workplaces. “With the rising awareness of the issue of GBVH in the workplace, this research is expected to play a crucial role in developing solutions and best practices for addressing it in Nigeria,” Robinson-Ayanwale said.  