   Arsenal legend Ray Parlour has sent out a warning to the new incoming signing at the Emirates Leandro Trossard. According to Parlour, Trossard will have to settle for a bit-part role in Mikel Arteta’s title-chasing squad as he is set to complete his move to the Emirates from Brighton on Friday and is likely to be in contention to make his debut as Arsenal play host to Manchester United on Sunday. There is every indication that Arsenal have quickly moved on from the disappointment of missing out on Mykhailo Mudryk who completed his big-money move to Chelsea last weekend having appeared on the verge of signing for their north London rivals. Meanwhile, National Standard understands that Arsenal have maintained a long-standing interest in Trossard, who was managed by Arteta’s assistant Albert Stuivenberg during their time together at Genk. National Daily had reported that Arsenal have agreed a deal that could be worth up to £27million with Brighton and although Parlour believes the new signing represented a ‘no-brainer’ he is unlikely to dislodge Gabriel Martinelli and Bukayo Saka from Arteta’s starting XI. ‘Certainly he’s a good squad player,’ Parlour told talkSPORT. ‘He’s not going to be starting in front of Saka and Martinelli at the moment. ‘Smith Rowe’s on the bench at the moment, another quality player. If you look at Manchester City’s bench when they bring top stars on it’s littered with unbelievable players which is different to Arsenal’s bench. ‘They needed someone. Obviously, they missed out on Mudryk to Chelsea and they needed a reinforcement. I didn’t not at all but it’s a gamble but he’s got big money and big contract so good luck to him. ‘I think they were always looking for a winger. He can pop up with a goal he got a hat-trick at Anfield earlier this season so I think he’s a decent signing for the money as well it’s not a lot in this era, he’s got good experience I thought he was a no-brainer for Arsenal.’ Brighton were reluctant to let the versatile winger leave in January, but after a number of disciplinary breaches following the World Cup manager Roberto De Zerbi admitted the south coast club were left with little option. He said: ‘The situation was difficult I think, because I understood he wanted to leave. ‘I’m sorry for the last period because I prefer when people are clear not when there is some different behaviours. I think anyway we are a good team and we can play well with Leo or without Leo. ‘In the transfer market, you can always improve. You can always buy new players but we are at a good level now and the players are very good players. ‘It’s not so easy to improve this squad. But if there is the possibility with Tony (Bloom) and the club, we will do something.’ 