  Leader of Pan-Yoruba sociopolitical group, Afenifere, Chief Ayo Adebanjo, says Nigeria will be in trouble if any candidate other than the Presidential Candidate of the Labour Party, Mr Peter Obi, is elected President. Adebanjo, who hailed Obi’s endorsement by former President Olusegun Obasanjo, said Nigeria would be in trouble if the people failed to vote for Obi. He stated that the decision of Afenifere to support Obi was ideological and principled, saying other regions except the South-East had enjoyed the privilege of being in the saddle. He stated that there was no justification for the APC Presidential Candidate, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, to contest when Obasanjo, from the South-West was President for eight years. He said the same thing applies to the PDP candidate, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, noting it was wrong for another Northerner to take over when a Northerner is exiting. READ ALSO: Obasanjo, Adebanjo join Obi on condolence visit to Ohanaeze Ndigbo over death of Amechi He said, “How are you going to justify Tinubu when Obasanjo had spent eight years? Or how do you justify Atiku when another Northerner is leaving the place? That’s the crux of the matter. The South-West has done, South-South has done, is South-East not part of Nigeria? Asked if he and Obasanjo would be able to convince voters in the South-West to vote for Obi, he said those who believe in principle would support their position, adding, “Don’t bring in ethnicity. I said it in my statement. If it is about ethnicity, I should support Tinubu. I made him the governor but I am not supporting him as President. Yoruba people don’t cheat others. “We cannot talk of a united Nigeria when the South-East has not had it. I am not like Atiku who said he wants to keep Nigeria. How can you do that when you are denying a part of Nigeria its right?” Adebanjo urged Nigerians to vote for the right people in the right places, saying, “If they vote outside Obi, Nigeria will be in trouble. Anything outside Obi, we are in trouble.” 