   Outburst by the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu during the party’s presidential campaign rally in Abeokuta, Ogun State capital on Wednesday 25th January, has pitched him against President Muhammadu Buhari and his team in the presidency. Tinubu openly complained against the policy of the Buhari administration to redesign the three highest denominations in the country N200, N500 and N1000 as well as the lingering Premium Motor Spirit (pms) scarcity and the resultant spike in the litre price of the product nationwide. The former Lagos State Governor openly discountenance the physical restraints by the former National Chairman of the party, Chief Bisi Akande, former Governors of Ogun State Aremo Segun Osoba and Otunba Gbenga Daniel as well as others on the podium in Abeokuta, not to openly disagree with the policies of APC administration, as a party man and candidate. Not deterred Tinubu said the lingering nine month fuel crisis and the Central Bank of Nigeria policy to redesign the highest denominations were policies targeted at him, but he will prevail and he will win the February 25th presidential election to the eternal shame of saboteurs, who he categorically stated are “the powers that be”. READ ALSO: 2023: Unaddressed in-house grievances may spell doom for Lagos APC – Group Insiders stated that Tinubu often boasted privately and publicly that having bested all other aspirants to clinch the much coveted presidential ticket of the party, without the support of President Buhari, he is his own man in the party and in presidential power. This medium gathered that Tinubu is one of the biggest hoarders of cash in Nigeria. Since the CBN cash redesign policy, Tinubu has been lundrying cash via banks at costs not agreeable to him, but a bitter pill he must swallow in order not to lose all. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission EFCC is keenly watching these moves and has briefed the President. The Abeokuta latest outburst inflamed the presidency and taciturn President Buhari, who has vowed to leave Tinubu to his designs and be neutral going forward into the presidential election. Many recalled how he made the President sit for hours while giving his victory speech after the presidential primary, at the Eagle Square in Abuja, the federal capital territory. He even boasted he has earned the right to make Presidents wait, a deliberate pay back for Mr President who in the past made him (Tinubu) to wait. A source in the Presidency also offered that “Tinubu did not consult the President before picking Kashim Shettima as running mate, or naming James Faleke as the Secretary of the APC presidential campaign council. “Tinubu sees Buhari as the failed soldier turned politician, whom he popped into power eight years ago, he does not fail to tell of how he made Buhari president, after the President’s three failed attempts, neither does he fail to tell how he best all other aspirants to clinch the presidential ticket of the APC without the President’s support, “I beat them silly and pants down” he often boasts, he sees Buhari as one of his minions who kowtows to him in all things. READ ALSO: Tinubu visits Buhari after Abeokuta outburst “The northern establishment has called President Buhari to order, he was told to spine up and do the needful in the interest of Nigeria and multiparty democracy, and no nation can survive a dictator, with a gross sense of entitlement as an elected president. Nigeria will become a one party state.” “The CBN currency redesign policy is working on spiraling inflation in the country, while the law against dollar denominated contracts will avail the four modular refineries in Nigeria feed stocks, for their operations.” Submits Funso Aroworamimo Dehinsilu. “Why is Tinubu not seeing these merits, this is a man who said subsidy has outlived her self-life and he will do away with the policy? Yet he does not understand basic petroleum economics. He publicly berated the Buhari administration, knowing Mr President doubles as Minister of Petroleum Resources: the very day the government announced a 14 man committee headed by the President, to tackle the persistent scarcity and unregulated price hike. “The move by Speaker Femi Gbajabiamila an acolyte of Tinubu, who left Abeokuta for Abuja to orchestrate the bench warrant of Mr Godwin Emefiele the CBN Governor, shocked the country and infuriated the President, this is a tell-tale sign of the content and character of the Bola Ahmed Tinubu presidency, in the event he wins next month presidential election. “Is Tinubu a hoarder of cash, after all his aide Ayo Adewale said bullion vans merely strayed into his Ikoyi home in Lagos on the eve of the 2019 presidential election.” Dehinsilu concludes Sensing danger Tinubu raced to Daura on Friday night to see President Buhari. The visit, according to a source, is to beg President Buhari to forgive him over his infamous outbursts in Abeokuta. Tinubu was accompanied by selected APC Governors and others.  