    Former Arsenal, Manchester City and Liverpool defender Kolo Toure has been sacked by Wigan Athletic Toure after just nine winless games. The former Ivorian international experienced his first managerial appointment when he was hired as manager at Wigan back in November on a three-and-a-half year deal. The 42-year-old was tasked with steering the club out of the relegation zone but disappointingly, things have instead got worse with the Latics now bottom of the Championship and four points from safety. National Daily gathered that Wigan had only claimed just two points from seven league games under Toure and were knocked out of the FA Cup after a third round replay against Luton Town. And during his short tenure, the team only scored just eight goals while conceding 21, even suffering three consecutive 4-1 defeats. National Daily can confirm that a statement from Wigan’s Chief Executive, Malachy Brannigan on Thursday read: ‘Firstly, I’d like to thank Kolo, along with Kevin [Betsy] and Ashvir [Johal], for their efforts during their time at the Football Club. ‘Unfortunately, the results on the field have not been as we would have liked and as tough a decision as this was, the Board felt it necessary to give us the best possible chance of remaining a Championship club next season. ‘We know that this time of year is a key period for any football club, ourselves included. Therefore, we will now work swiftly and effectively to ensure the right person is appointed as the next permanent manager of Wigan Athletic, with the immediate objective of remaining in the Second Tier for next season.’ It is a very disappointing start to the managerial career of Toure who enjoyed a glittering playing career in the UK. The former centre-back began at Arsenal in 2002 whom he would go on to make 326 appearances for, winning the Premier League and two FA Cups as well as reaching the 2006 Champions League final. He would move to City in 2009 where he won another league title, before winding down his career at Liverpool and Celtic where he retired in 2017. Upon retirement, he joined the Scottish giants’ coaching staff, working under under his former Reds manager Brendan Rodgers, later following him to Leicester where he remained until Wigan came calling. 