  By Segun Odunewu  The Lagos APC Coalition, (TLAC) has called the attention of All Progressives Congress, (APC), National Chairman, Senator Abdullahi Adamu, to the designs and antics of the members of Lagos APC Governor’s Advisory Council, (GAC) that may spell doom for the Party in the State in next month’s general elections. The GAC led by Hon Chief Tajudeen Olusi, is populated by individuals, solely handpicked by the national leader and presidential candidate of the Party, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu. This group, unknown to the constitution of the Party, has turned itself into the final authority on party matters in the chapter. According to TLAC, the Olusi led cabal determined all the candidates the Party is fielding in next month’s general elections: absent primaries, so much so that all aspirants were refunded their nomination and expression of interest forms monies to forestall implosion in the chapter. But the horse has bolted out of the barn, aspirants in the Local Council elections are yet to be refunded, because GAC viewed them as overly daring to contemplate and actually purchasing forms for the 2021 local council’s elections. READ ALSO: Tinubu congratulates Oyetola on victory at tribunal The imposition of unpopular and over cycled candidates has made teeming members of the party to stand aloof, hence a lackluster, disjointed and uncoordinated campaigns by Lagos State chapter of the Party. Speaker Lagos State House of Assembly Rt. Hon Mudashiru Obasa is running for sixth term having muscled out all his political contemporaries in his Agege federal constituency as a member of the GAC, granting himself tickets and others in his personal political court in the constituency, to the chagrin of others who have left for the Peoples Democratic Party PDP and Labour Party. In Lagos Island federal constituency, where the GAC numero uno, Olusi a nonagenarian hold sway, he has deliberately frustrated all peace moves and inclusion templates to in bring all divides, this is in order to sustain and continue to profit his political dynasty, his biological son Hon Toyese Olusi is currently serving his second term in office as Lagos Island council chairman. The death of Yeye Kemi Nelson a GAC member has further polarized Ikeja federal constituency, she was accused of promoting her apolitical daughter into public office as General Manager of Lagos Parks Agency, while qualified members are left to roast. The Chief of Staff to Governor Babajide Olushola Sanwo-Olu, Mr Tayo Ayinde gave party tickets to his minions, Cardinal James Odumbaku another GAC member have his son serving as Ojodu Council chairman, while he sits on the lucrative multimillion Naira street sweeping detail. James Abiodun Faleke’s third term into the House of Representatives having served two terms as Ojodu Council chairman is unsettling to members, who are wondering if it is worth it investing in the party just for the benefit of the few in Ikeja federal constituency. This development led the convener of Tinubu Non Negotiable Mutiu Okunola and his followers out of the Party into the Labour Party. READ ALSO: APC raises alarm of explosion, gunfire at campaign venue in Rivers The multi billionaire boss of the Office of Sustainable Development Goals in the Presidency, Hon Princess Adejoke Orelope Adefulire a new member of the GAC, first move after her admission into the elite political cabal, was to corner Alimosho State Constituency 01 ticket for her younger brother, Luqmon Orelope. Orelope Adefulire a former Deputy Governor of Lagos State made no pretenses, that she rose like a phoenix out of the ashes of the soured relationship between Tinubu and Ogbeni Rauf Adesoji Aregbesola, who prior till now is not only in charge of Alimosho federal constituency, his views over rules the GAC contraption, when there was chummy relationship between him and Tinubu. Orelope Adefulire’s move like that of her GAC colleagues is causing great disaffection among party members in the chapter. Having lost the Eti Osa federal constituency ticket, Hon Babajide Obanikoro had to run to ‘Daddy’ Senator Musiliu Obanikoro, a GAC member. The victory of the winner of the primary was overturned and Obanikoro junior handed the ticket. This development put off many members who have vowed to take their pound of flesh in next month’s general election. Having seen the handwriting on the wall, some party members have adopted a pay as you go approach in all party matters, while many have quietly aligned with other political parties, some are biding their time to strike back at the party. These moves are well read by the old political foxes in the GAC, hence the move to get 15 man Polling Unit agents and canvassers was carried out, using their loyalists and members of community associations, motor park unions and other groups Lagos APC has vested interest in. The silent rebellion is statewide as members have vowed to punish the Party for its age long, sustained and continuing anti-democratic positions. This has however thrown Lagos APC party bigwigs into panic mode. Mathew Obadina TLAC Director said “The APC Lagos structure has become arrogant and complacent in the belief that it has already won the elections in Lagos State. It has therefore adopted a very weak and lacklustre campaign approach at the state, local government and ward levels. READ ALSO: Alleged crisis: Lagos APC remains united—Spokesman Sadly the GAC has also ignored any form of genuine reconciliation with aggrieved and disenfranchised members of our Party, on grounds that they are insignificant and worthless. “Apapa, Alimosho, Agege, Eti-Osa, Ojo, Ikeja, Oshodi Isolo, Amuwo Odofin, Lagos Island, Ibeju Lekki, Lagos Mainland to mention a few are embroiled in deep seated party members anguish over the GAC members riding roughshod over other Party members in the State.” In the letter written to Abdullahi Adamu TLAC offered that information at the grassroot levels shows that the general population of the State including party members are fed up and are ready to spring a surprise on the ruling APC and her candidates at all levels. Especially with the inflationary trends and insecurity. Excerpts of the letter reads “GAC has promised Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu 4 million votes in the presidential election, this is wishful thinking, Lagos APC will deliver less figures than what was obtained in past elections in the State, as loyal party members are increasingly fed up with the selfish and self-centered attitude of the party leaders.” Comrade Mathew Olumoroti explains “On the other hand PDP, LP, SDP, BOOT and other parties have been fine tuning their strategy to collaborate and combine to defeat the APC and the threat is real. The collaboration effort is being driven by the opposition who are tired of the hegemony, looting and arrogance of the APC in Lagos. “It will be interesting to see how this game plays out but it is clear that change and a breath of fresh air in Lagos is imminent.” 