   Lebsey Petmia Lebaga, a 22-year-old Cameroonian has emerged as the 2022 Future Africa Leaders Awards (FALA) star prize winner, defeating nine other finalists from different countries in Africa to go home with the $25,000 cash prize. Lebaga, who was announced winner during 31st Dec. New Year’s Eve Service with Pastor Chris, has demonstrated astounding leadership prowess through the excellent use of science and technology in transforming lives in her country and beyond. Young Lesbey organized several conferences and seminars, impacting the lives of over 8000 young people in Cameroon. She innovatively established an online clinic for which more than 500 individuals have testified of using the online institution satisfactorily. READ ALSO: New Year’s Eve Service: Billions await Pastor Chris’ message, prophecies for 2023 Over 1000 people have freely been screened for Hepatitis B and HIV/AIDS with several referred for medical attention. She’s the first youth to have established an online clinic in Cameroon, which won her the best innovative project in the country. Nine other young leaders were also honored with awards at the night’s event. With a 10,000USD cash prize complement to further expand their sustainable projects, Grace Lekwuwa from Benin Republic, Portia Manyaya from Ghana, Azariah Tendayi Chidzungu from Malawi, Bakaki Yusuf from Uganda, Hidaya Tlemcani from Morocco, Elizabeth Aguil from South Sudan, Victor Eyo from Nigeria and Gracious Mazivanhanga from Zimbabwe, profusely celebrated their FALA award following astonishing feats accomplished throughout 2022. Chairman of the occasion, former President Olusegun Obasanjo charged the youths to be steadfast in their determination to make their countries proud and by extension the African continents. READ ALSO: Christ Embassy brings succor to flood victims in Bayelsa He charged the young champions to continue steadfastly in their problem-solving ventures, proffering solutions to diverse problems faced by many in the African continent. Quoting a verse from Eccl.9-10, Chief Obasanjo said, “Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it with thy might; for there is no work, nor device, nor knowledge, nor wisdom, in the grave, whither thou goest. In her own comment, the special guest of honor for the night, H.E., Dr. Leymah Gbowee, founder, Gbowee Peace Foundation, Liberia, a Nobel laureate, commended the young Africans for their accomplishments so far. She further charged them to aspire to attain greater heights and remain utterly committed to making more impact across the continent. LoveWorld President and Grand Patron of the Future Africa Leaders Foundation, Pastor Chris Oyakhilome reiterated that Africa is a place of hope and a great future contrary to the thought of people who believe nothing good can come out of Africa. He encouraged the current set of winners to continue to make Africa a continent of pride. The Future Africa Leaders Foundation has continually recognized the efforts of young Africans who take up diverse leadership roles, resolving seemingly insurmountable challenges in academia, agriculture, and different sectors of the economy across Africa.  