   The Nigerian Army has announced the redeployment of officers in the ranks of Major Generals, Brigadier Generals and other senior personnel across its formations and units. Affected in the posting, according to a statement by the Director Army Public Relations, Brigadier General Onyema Nwachukwu, are some principal staff officers of the Army Headquarters, Corps Commanders, Commandants of Training Institutions, Brigade Commanders, Commanding officers and several others. The statement said the redeployment was to ensure administrative and operational efficiency in the Service. It read in part: “In an effort to ensure administrative and operational efficiency in the Nigerian Army (NA), amidst recent operational successes recorded in combating emerging security challenges, the Chief of Army Staff (COAS) Lieutenant General Faruk Yahaya has approved the redeployment of Major Generals and Brigadier Generals amongst several other senior officers across NA formations and units in the country. “Those affected in the redeployment include some Principal Staff Officers of the Army Headquarters, Corps Commanders, Commandants of NA Training Institutions, Brigade Commanders, Commanding officers and several others. READ ALSO: Panic as bandits kidnap army colonel, two children in Zamfara “Notable among the new General Officers’ Commanding (GOC) appointees are Major General I.S. Ali from Headquarters 3 Division to Theatre Command as the new Theatre Commander Joint Task Force North East OPERATION HADIN KAI, Major General AB Ibrahim from Army Headquarters Department of Training to Headquarters 3 Division as the new GOC as well as Commander OPERATION SAFE HAVEN, Major General AS Chinade from Headquarters 2 Division to Headquarters 82 Division as GOC, while Major General GM Mutkut is to assume command as the GOC 8 Division and Commander Operation HADARIN DAJI (NW) from Army Headquarters  Department of Policy and Plan. “Those newly appointed Corps Commanders are Major General CG Musa from Theatre Command  to Headquarters Infantry Corps Centre as the new Corps Commander, Major General MS Ahmed from Headquarters Theatre Command (NE) to Headquarters Nigerian Army Armoured  Corps as Corps Commander,  Major General BR Sinjen from Nigerian Army School of Artillery to Headquarters Nigerian Army Corps of Artillery as the new Corps Commander and Major General PE Eromosele from National Defence College to Headquarters  Nigerian Army Engineers.” Others are Major General A. A. Ayannuga from Department of Army Transformation to Nigerian Army Cyber Warfare Command and Major General G.S. Abdullahi from Defence Space Administration to Nigerian Army Signals. READ ALSO: Just in: Army rescue abducted female officer, capture gunmen The statement added: “Among the new Defence and Army Headquarters Principal Staff Officers are Major General S.E Udounwa who is redeployed from Army Headquarters Department of Special Services and Programmes to Defence Headquaters as Chief of Defence Training and Operations,  Major General SG Mohammed redeployed from Army Headquarters Department of Policy and Plans to the Department of Army Training as Chief of Training, Major General UT Musa from Headquarters 82 Division to the Department of Army Administration as Director Personnel Management, Major General Y Yahaya from Headquarters 31 Artillery Brigade to Department of Army Administration as the Director Manpower (Army) among  several others. Brigadier General TI Gusau is also redeployed from Army Headquarters Department of Special Services to the Directorate of Defence Information as the new Director. “The newly redeployed Brigade Commanders include Brigadier General AM Umar from the Office of the Chief of Army Staff to Headquarters Guards Brigade, Brigadier General S Aliyu from Headquarters 6 Division to Headquarters 63 Brigade, Brigadier General HD Bobbo from National Defence College to Headquarters 31 Brigade, Brigadier General MT Aminu from Army War College Nigeria to Headquarters 35 Brigade among several others. “It is imperative to note that redeployment in the Nigerian Army is routine, particularly with the recent promotion of senior officers as approved by the Army Council for the year 2022. The redeployment of all appointees takes effect from 11 January 2022.”  