   The Presidential Candidate of  APC,  Bola Tinubu has promised to end fuel scarcity in the country if elected president. Tinubu made the promise while addressing party faithful at the MKO Abiola Stadium in Abeokuta  during his rally. Tinubu in his speech, praised the party supporters for coming in their large numbers to receive him despite the current fuel scarcity across the country. While stating that he would put an end to the fuel crisis, he described the upcoming election as a revolution, urging the party supporters and indigenes of Ogun State to come out in their large numbers, the same way they did for the rally, on February 25 to vote APC. READ ALSO: Tinubu’s son, Seyi conferred with chieftaincy title in Anambra Speaking to the youth, the APC candidate all promised to ensure that they enjoy quality education not truncated by strikes, while also making jobs available for them once out of school. He said, “I guarantee you one thing, there will be student loans, nobody will drop out of university because of school fees; nobody will have to repeat one class for eight years and not graduate, we will make a four-year course four years course. He also promised to bring back to life hitherto dead factories in the state through investments in power generation to make the factories more efficient and reduce down times. With its proximity to Lagos, the APC candidate promised to create in Ogun State agricultural and industrial hubs, while working with local farmers to increase production and exportation of agricultural produce. “Rice, corn, plantain cocoa and palm kernels from Ogun will be more actively traded. Moreover, we shall spur investment in agro-allied business to create additional jobs while also generating more income for our local, state and national economies. READ ALSO: APC replies Muhammad over comment on party, Tinubu “As we become a nation of producers and not just consumers, Ogun State will play a critical role. We will support the development of the best that the modern digital and IT-driven sectors have to offer. We will provide the complementary infrastructure required for growth, including wider internet connectivity. “With innovation, courage and creativity, we will harness modern technology to create jobs and provide goods and services that will unlock greater prosperity. By harmonising the National Infrastructure Policy with the National Industrial Policy, we will develop key sectors and spur economic growth. Our goal is to grow our industrial base, encourage industries vital to national development and become a global contender,” added. READ ALSO: Atiku harvests Tinubu’s campaign director in Kano Earlier, Governor Abiodun had urged the people of the state to look at the track record of Tinubu, placing him above all other candidates and give him their votes come February 25. He said, “Asiwaju was a senator, so he is knowledgeable in the area of the country’s laws, he became the governor of Lagos State and transformed it to the biggest economy in Africa. He then brought up successors who have worked on the template he put in place to continue to bring progress in Lagos. This was also reiterated by former Ogun State Governor Aremo Segun Osoba who urged the people of the state to make Tinubu replicate all he has achieved in Lagos State. The rally had in attendance the Vice Presidential Candidate of the APC, Kashim Shettima, Speaker of the House of Representatives Femi Gbajabiamila, Lagos State Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu and his wife, Kwara State Governor AbdulRahmaan AbdulRazaq and Ekiti State Governor Biodun Oyebanji.  