 Mr Erastus Awortu, Chairman, Andoni local government area in Rivers, has called for review of remunerations and reward system for Nigerians offering special services in the country. Awortu made the call on Sunday at Ngo, the council headquarter, during an emblem launch to mark the 2023 Armed Forces Remembrance Day. According to him, this will encourage more patriotism and dedication among those categories of persons in the service of their fatherland. “Those aspiring for leadership positions in the country should reconsider workers welfare because we cannot continue to neglect those who are doing the most sensitive jobs,” he said. The council boss specifically commended officers serving in the area for their commitment to his peace initiative. “As a government, we appreciate the service Chiefs, particularly those officers serving in Andoni in the past 18 months. “These officers have played a major role in enthronement of the peace we are enjoying today in Andoni. “They’re always at alert responding to distress calls and as such should be appreciated alongside widows of fallen soldiers,” he said. Awortu pledged an empowerment package for widows of army officers in honour of the fallen heroes. He said that the empowerment package would be disbursed to the widows by the end of the month in order enable beneficiaries set up small businesses to cushion effects of the economic hardship in the country. Earlier, in his address, retired Maj. Humphrey Mesharacks, Chairman, Nigeria Legion, Andoni local government area chapter, sued for continued support for the military. “One of the objectives of today’s gathering is to consider how to ameliorate the challenges faced by officers, particularly, families whose breadwinners have died in the process of keeping the peace and unity of our fatherland,” he said. The legionnaire also called on government and well-meaning individuals and philanthropists to support the military emblem launch. “The donations will enable Legionnaires in the area cater for widows, the aged, deformed, orphans and dependants of fallen soldiers,” he said. 