 Mr Jide Awe, an Information Communication Technology (ICT) expert said that establishing Data Protection Bureau, Nigeria Start Up Act, launch of 5G Network, among others, were among the achievements of the IT sector in 2022. Awe highlighted the achievements on Friday in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria. The expert, while commenting on the advancement of the ICT industry, said the sector contributed immensely to the Gross Domestic Product of the country. He said: “On Feb. 4,2022, the Federal Government announced the creation of Nigeria Data Protection Bureau (NDPB), to enhance data protection, privacy and confidentiality in Nigeria. “This is a good step because the immense data generation in this age calls for regulation and legislation to protect the data of individuals and organisations. “Establishing the bureau also followed with the Data Protection Bill 2022 on Oct. 6, 2022 drafted by NDPB, given the need to enact a law to guide NDPB’s operations on data protection. “President Muhammadu Buhari signed the Nigeria Start Up bill into law in Oct. 2022, with the goal to create an enabling environment for the growth and development of technology-enabled start-ups in Nigeria.’’ The Act, Awe said, would create an enabling environment for the establishment, development, and operation of start-ups in Nigeria, aimed to position Nigeria’s start-up ecosystem as Africa’s leading digital technology hub. Awe added that with a large youthful population, a vibrant start-up ecosystem could enable the realisation of the nation’s immense youth potential. “The Act will propel job creation, innovation, economic growth and the building of an inclusive, innovative and prosperous digital economy. “We also had the unveiling of Africa’s first Humanoid Robot named `Omeife’ by Uniccon Group, a Nigerian technology start-up offering technology solutions officially. “Omeife is a six-foot-tall female, African humanoid that provides language as a service for businesses needing to integrate native African audiences, a multipurpose and assistance robot,” Awe said. He also recalled the launch of Microsoft’s 200 Million US Dollar, an initiative of Africa Development Centre (ADC) West Africa, in Lagos. Awe added that it would avail Nigerians access Microsoft’s programmes and opportunities to improve the availability of required tech and 21st-century skills in Africa. He said the Federal Executive Council also approved the National Policy on the Nigerian Government Second-Level Domains expected to promote the adoption of Nigeria’s country code top-level domain (ccTLD), .ng in public and private sectors. Awe said: “This aims to save the country the cost of capital flight and over-dependence on foreign domain in the private and public sectors. “Buhari launched the policy on 5G Network and it promises to include much faster speeds and lower latency, with near-instant access to Internet/data facilities and fast downloads.” The expert said that part of the achievements in the year was the lifting of Twitter ban by the Federal Government early in 2022 which aided the free flow of communication on the platform. 