 Members of the de-registered National Conscience Party (NCP) on Tuesday denied endorsing the presidential candidate of the Labour Party (LP), Peter Obi, for the 2023 general elections. In an interaction with National Daily in Lagos, one of the party’s representatives who attended the meeting of the party leaders in Abuja last Sunday upon which the former national chairman, Dr. Tanko Yunusa, issued a joint statement with the former national secretary, on the endorsement of Obi by NCP, said that the meeting did not deliberate on endorsing any presidential candidate.  The NCP member, who sought anonymity, told National Daily that the Abuja meeting was attended by 27 members from Lagos with the former national chairman, Yunusa, who is now a spokesperson of the Peter Obi presidential campaign. He said that the National Conscience Party has been de-registered by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) and, therefore, does not have structure for corporate decisions anymore. Be disclosed that the 27 representatives never discussed supporting any presidential candidate but discussed the dissolution of the Executive Committees of the proscribed  NCP and the setting up of caretaker committee to see if they can re-register the party. According to him, “the party is no longer in existence, NCP has been de-registered, therefore, there is no basis for anybody to claim they have endorsed any presidential candidate. “The meeting on January 22nd in Abuja only discussed the dissolution of the Executive committee and the setting up of caretaker committee. “For anyone to exaggerate or issue a statement on endorsement of any presidential candidate is contradictory.” The member declared: “what Tanko Yunusa is saying is his personal opinion and he has right to his opinions.” He added that the NCP legal team challenged the de-registration of the party, among other parties in the court.  According to the member, “if Gani Fawehinmi was alive when the NCP was de-registered, he would have fought a strong battle to ensure the action is reversed and the part, among other are restored into formal existence.” National Daily recalls that the National Chairman, Dr Yunusa Tanko, and National Secretary, VC Odemejemba, of NCP on Monday issued a statement declaring that “the National Conscience Party (NCP), one of the foremost political party in Nigeria, is pleased to announce its adoption of the Labour Party’s presidential flag bearer, ex-governor Peter Obi, and his Vice, Senator Datti Baba Ahmed, as its choice for the forthcoming February 25th Presidential election. “Though we are still facing challenges of deregistration by INEC. “We will mobilize our members and supporters nationwide to canvass and vote for the labour party candidature because we share their philosophy and manifesto.” The statement read in full: The National Conscience party (NCP), one of the foremost political party in Nigeria is pleased to announce its adoption of the labour party’s presidential flag bearer ex-governor Peter Obi and his Vice, Senator Datti Baba Ahmed as its choice for the fourth coming February 25th Presidential election. Though we are still facing challenges of deregistration by INEC. We will mobilize our members and supporters nationwide to canvass and vote for the labour party candidature because we share their philosophy and manifesto. We have studied both the party’s manifesto and the characters of the ex-governor Peter Obi and Datti Baba Ahmed carefully and we believe that the labour party’s candidates have what it takes to earn our trust and confidence. We have also reviewed deeply the 7 Point Agenda of Peter Obi and Datti Baba Ahmad With particular reference to page 7 as stated below: We are coming to run an entrepreneurial state able to double Nigeria’s GDP in a short time and reduce extreme poverty like China which removed 740m from poverty through a policy that emphasized a social market economy. Our focus is to ensure that wealth is created through sectors that improve the well-being of all Nigerians. Our theory of change is DEMOCRATIC CITIZENSHIP. Therefore, we will prioritize economic and social rights under chapter 2 of the constitution and implement these rights through social programs and projects that empower the people and mainstream the poor first in access to critical services. To ensure poverty reduction, based on fast economic growth our governance principles, priority projects and programs that will be anchored on the 17 sustainable development goals (SDGs) As captured in the 72 pages manifesto tagged it is possible our pact with Nigerians. This is in consonant with the slogan of the NCP of the abolition of poverty and 10 care programs. As empowered by the NEC and NCC of the party on this day 22nd January 2023, we hereby adopt and endorse Peter Obi and Datti-Baba Ahmed’s Presidential ticket of the Labour Party for the 2023 general election. This adoption/endorsement has been officially communicated to the party even though we have since be working in collaboration with the big tent and Obidient movement to drive the project of Obi/Datti campaign. We urge all members and indeed Nigerians to work together with the Labour Party in achieving this monumental task of rescuing Nigeria, uniting and rebuilding its feature. We also thank Chief Edward NKwegu and Chief Nwanbuaze Governorship candidate of Labour party in Ebonyi state for all the support.  Dr Yuusa Tanko National Chairman  VC Odemejemba National Secretary 