  A landmark judgment was delivered Friday 13th January in favour of Hon (Mrs.) Mosunmola Sangodara by the Federal High Court on suit No. FHC/L/CS/1468/22 Mr. Olasunkanmi Kazeeem Shittu -Vs- Independent National Electoral Commission & 2 Ors. Shittu the Plaintiff in the case challenged the nomination of Hon. Mosunmola Sangodara as the candidate of the All Progressives Congress for Surulere Constituency 2 in the Lagos State House of Assembly ahead of the forthcoming General Elections slated for March 11th 2023, on the grounds of non possession of educational certificates and submission of forged certificates to INEC. The Hon. Justice Oweibo of the Federal High Court, Lagos while delivering judgment in the matter held that; 1. The document tendered as form INEC ECN9 (Affidavit in support of personal particulars) does not meet the requirements of the law as the copy tendered does not have the oath page and did not bear the mark of the deponent. 2. The claim of the Plaintiff that Hon. Mosunmola Sangodara did not attend Primary School, Secondary School and Tertiary Institution is unfounded, as subpoenaed witnesses from the Primary School, WAEC and Tertiary Institution she attended confirmed that Hon. Sangodara attended and obtained qualifying certificates for all levels of her education.  3. That Hon. Mosumola Sangodara met the Constitutional requirements for qualification to contest for Surulere Constituency 2 seat at the Lagos State House of Assembly. The Court on the basis of it’s finding dismissed the case of the Plaintiff Mr. Olasunkanmi Kazeem Shittu and upheld the nomination of Hon. Mosunmola Sangodara as the candidate of APC for Surulere Constituency 2. Hon. Mosunmola Sangodara who is the incumbent representative of the good people of Surulere Constituency II at the Lagos State House of Assembly, has described her victory as an act of God that was heavily helped by the support of the people. Reacting to the Federal High court judgement which cleared the coast for her to contest this year’s House of Assembly election, the jubilant lawmaker was full of praises to Almighty God, her political leaders and the good people of Surulere Constituency II for their massive and unflinching support.  She especially thanked the National Leader and Presidential Candidate of the All Progressives Congress – Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, Governor of Lagos State – Mr Babajide Olusola Sanwo-Olu, Speaker of the House of Representatives – Rt. Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila, Speaker of the Lagos State House of Assembly – Rt. Hon. Mudashiru Ajayi Obasa for availing her the needed support all through the legal tussle. Hon. Sangodara appreciates the plaintiff and his supporters for comporting themselves decently and orderly, and for exhibiting conduct that indicates that there has been a remarkable progress in our electoral attitudes and behaviour. She equally extended the olive branch to her adversary to join hands with her on the journey to build and position Surulere Constituency 2 on the path of progress. She promised to be humble and magnanimous in victory, and serve the people of Surulere Constituency II and Lagos State at large with all her energy, adding that no one will be left behind in the process.  