   Frank Lampard was on Monday shown the exit door at Goodison Park by Everton after  a spell of 357 days in charge following the club’s ten games winless run. Strangely, Lampard’s sack by Everton’s owner Farhad Moshiri came over the phone just hours after they discussed January transfer targets. And now the former England international’s team-mate Jamie Carragher has slammed Lampard for some of his wrong decisions at Everton especially after the 44-year-old signed Manchester United flop last season as he feels that the sack of the former Chelsea boss was a right call by Everton. Meanwhile, National Daily can confirm that the former England defender Carragher has gone further to warn that Everton’s problems run deeper than a managerial switch but ultimately feels the club have made the ‘right decision’ in sacking him as the former Liverpool defender took a swipe at Lampard’s recruitment. ‘The supporters wanted change more at the boardroom level than maybe the manager,’ Carragher told Sky Sports. ‘But I do feel that it is the right decision, I think Frank got the job on the back of Rafa Benitez having a similar sort of run. ‘So, if you come in and have a similar sort of run that the previous manager had, I don’t think you can have too many complaints. ‘And with Everton bottom of the league with Southampton at the moment, I don’t think Frank can have too many complaints. ‘But, of course, there’s things going on behind the scenes and that’s why the Everton fans are very frustrated more with off-the-field stuff than on the field. ‘He (Lampard) hasn’t spent a lot of money. They lost Richarlison, who was their best player last season. ‘They’ve tried to replace him, [it was] always going to be difficult to. But when you look at the attacking players who he’s brought in… ‘Almost on his first day, he brought Dele Alli in and Donny van de Beek (on loan) from Manchester United. ‘They didn’t work, weren’t really a success, but this season, they brought (Neal) Maupay in because of the injuries to (Dominic) Calvert-Lewin. ‘Dwight McNeil came in from Burnley. Again, not huge fees – £20m for Dwight McNeil, £15m for Maupay – but they haven’t done anything, nothing at all. ‘The defensive players they’ve brought in have done OK, in terms of (James) Tarkowski and Conor Coady. ‘But, in terms of the attacking players he has brought in, they’ve not done anywhere near enough.’ Gary Neville added: ‘[There is] a tinge of sadness I suppose on the English managers side of things – only now three in the league currently with Frank going and Steven Gerrard going, but we always knew Saturday was a high-stakes game. ‘West Ham struggling like mad, big club. Everton struggling like mad, big club, and it was always (David) Moyes or Lampard and you look at some of the mistakes that Everton make and they’re absolutely criminal mistakes.’ 