 A total of 206 students of the Covenant University, Ota, Ogun, on Friday bagged First-Class degrees at its 2021/2022 Convocation. The Vice-Chancellor, Prof. Abiodun Adebayo, disclosed this during the 17th Convocation Ceremony and Conferment of First and Higher Degrees, and presentation of prizes in Ota. The News Agency of Nigeria reports that a total of 1,934 students graduated this academic session from the institution, whose convocation was tagged “release of Eagles for 2022”. They comprised 206 first-class honours, representing 12.28 per cent, 744 second-class upper honours, representing 44.36 per cent, 620 second-class lower or 36.97 per cent, 107, representing 6.38 per cent in third class and 257 post-graduate students. Fatima Andat, a student in the Department of Accounting, College of Management and Social Sciences, emerged the best graduating student with a Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA) of 5.0. Adebayo said that the institution, on a rescue mission in education, had determined to raise new generation of leaders that would restore the lost glory of the black race. “In just two decades of its existence, Covenant University has become a leading world-class university and the best higher education destination for students in Africa. “In addition, the Covenant University emerged the best university out of the 111 private universities in Nigeria by the Prestige Nigeria Education. “Covenant University leads all Nigerian Universities in Five subjects ranking in 2023 World University Rankings, and these disciples are: Social Sciences (Too 300) and Business and Economics, Computer Science, Engineering, and Physical Science (Too 500),” he said. Also speaking, Dr. David Oyedepo, the Chancellor of the Institution, urged the graduands to be productive and take responsibility in order not to end as liabilities. Oyedepo said that everyone was absolutely responsible for its outcome in life, as responsibility is the price of greatness. “Life begins with a vision, no one arrived at a future he or she does not prepared for. “It is time to wake up and take responsibility early because commitment to one’s vision is what is called responsibility,” he said. The chancellor implored parents to allow their children to take responsibility so that they would not end as liabilities in life. Earlier, the Registrar of the Institution, Dr Regina Tobi-David, said the graduands have been transformed through the principles and core values of the institution to make impact and mark in their immediate society. “The institution has raised a new set of Eagles to develop their world and rewrite the history of black race,” she said. 