  Otunba George Olawande the Amuwo-Odofin Labour party’s Federal House of Representatives candidate has promised that much focus will be geared towards ensuring functional development of youngsters through sports if elected in the February 25th,2023 election. Ambassador Kingsley Nwanze Spokesman for Otunba George fondly called ‘Omo Geye’, gave the hint while representing him at the 15th Annual Inter House Sport, Athletics competition of the Community Nursery/Primary School Festac Extension Mile II in Amuwo-Odofin area of Lagos state. According to Kingsley, Otunba George remains a passionate lover of qualitative development of the children.
Sunrise.ng reports that the children who belongs different sport houses classed in their colour brands which includes Pink,Yellow,Green,Blue took active part in track and field events showcasing their sporting zest. Ambassador Kingsley said that: “George Olawande happens to be one of the sport house patron, precisely the Pink house. Which he sees as an avenue to groom young talents into sporting success. “He believes so much that sports is an avenue for the young ones to have a meaningful life and that makes a whole lot of sense. ALSO READ: Sanwo-Olu withdraws from #ThePlatform Gov Debate, protests shooting of supporters As we can see that sports is a revenue raking venture across the globe, and in this part of the world we’ve not done so much to groom talents “ Otunba felt that the best approach and planning in Amuwo-Odofin is to start grooming the young ones into sporting success. “So here we have one of the house named after him, he has invested in sports development for young people, to harness their potentials over the years so that they will not only become successful in their academics but being groomed into very successful sportsmen across the globe and even in Nigeria here. I can say authoritatively that as he prepares to take over the seat of Amuwo-Odofin at the Federal House of Representatives constituency that we have a very laudable project for sport development. “Sports development through self efforts, public private partnerships, through community efforts and other avenues. “I can assure you that in Lagos State, watch out for the sporting talents that will be coming out from Amuwo-Odofin Federal Constituency in 2023 by the special grace of God.” Kingsley said.  