The presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2023 elections, former Vice President Atiku Abubakar, during his two working days visit to the United Kingdom (U.K.), held an auspicious occasion with the UK Parliament, where he deliberated on his vision for Nigeria in the 2023 general elections,. The vision include a Nigeria that is United by Security, Economy, Education and Devolution. Atiku tweeting on his official twitter handle wrote: Atiku Abubakar  @atiku “I just concluded successful meetings with The Right Hon. Andrew Mitchell MP—Minister for Development and Africa in the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office (FCDO), amongst other key senior UK government officials. “It was an auspicious occasion to share my vision for Nigeria encapsulated in the Unity SEED with them. It is a vision United by Security, Economy, Education and Devolution (of Powers). “I solicited their partnership and I am encouraged by the UK government’s strong interest in helping Nigeria RECOVER every facet of its life.” The Spokesperson and Director of Public Affairs of the PDP Presidential Campaign Council (PCC), Dino Melaye, had earlier disclosed that Atiku’s delegation to the U.K. had a meeting with the British directors of National Security and Open Spaces. He said that they discussed security, defence, economy, immigration and other issues. Melaye had stated: “We met with about seven departmental heads and directors of government agencies in the UK and it was a robust meeting and we had very robust discussions on the economy, defence, and security. “We also had a lot of talk on immigration issues. It was a very great meeting. It was a very interesting, intriguing discussion with the British government today.” Dino Melaye added: “Not that he’s not interacting globally. He’s visited presidents across the globe, more than any other presidential candidate. “In the last two months, Atiku Abubakar has visited about seven African presidents, especially in the ECOWAS region, to interact with them and to discuss the issue of insecurity across the region and how to tackle it.” 