  Manchester United forward Marcus Rashford has undoubtedly helped the Red Devils maintain their excellent form since the post World Cup return of the league with the Old Trafford club just five points off Premier League leaders Arsenal. Rashford and United are also hoping to progress into Europa League quarter final as they host Barcelona in their 2nd leg play-off after 2-2 draw away at the Nou Camp. Essentially, United will hope to conquer Newcastle United in the Carabao Cup to lift their first trophy since May, 2017 with the Europa League triumph. National Daily can confirm that the 25-year-old England international has netted 15 times in 17 games since he returned from Qatar, and each goal has been accompanied by a now trademark finger-point to his temple as celebration. Meanwhile, the Red Devils legend Rio Ferdinand has revealed the meaning behind Marcus Rashford’s celebration and says the vibes around Manchester United’s training ground are the best they have been in years. Though Rashford has not explicitly stated the meaning of the celebration, but it is believed to hint at the mental health struggles he has overcome this season. ‘I was struggling at times with more mental things. It wasn’t really my own performance but other things off the pitch,’ he said last year, around the time he first started doing the celebration. ‘Too often last season, I wasn’t in the right headspace for games.’ Ferdinand spent Monday at Carrington and spoke to Rashford while he was there and has now confirmed that the celebration relates to the striker’s new-found mentality. Speaking on his Vibe with FIVE YouTube show, Ferdinand said: ‘Rashford, I found out today by the way, I went to Carrington today to interview Bruno [Fernandes], it was good. I saw [long-serving receptionist] Kath [Phipps], been there 56 years the lady! Ridiculous! ‘But the celebration, it’s mentality. Nice, innit. Simple. But it’s just travelled massively. Everyone round the world is doing it now. All the young kids scoring goals, that’s the impact Rashford has had.’ He added: ‘Seeing Marcus just smiling – I’ve said this so many times – just seeing him smile, there’s a different vibe about him. ‘He’s enjoying himself, there’s a spring in his step. I had a nice chat, it was nice. Nice vibes in the place.’ Rashford previously credited the ‘completely different energy’ around Carrington and Old Trafford following Erik ten Hag’s appointment for helping to transform his performances on the pitch and Ferdinand got a glimpse of that during his visit. He continued: ‘The vibes at Carrington have changed dramatically. It’s just become more positive, the ambience in the place. ‘Everything has changed there, looks different, feels different. The feeling when you walk in there, man… I’ve had very, very negative vibes over the years when I’ve walked through the corridors of the training ground. ‘And I walked through there today and it filled me with a little smile. I was on my own walking back through the corridors and I just smiled a little bit. ‘It’s weird to say but I can sense something happening here now. I don’t know what it is, I don’t know where it’s going to get to, but the ambience is very different, there’s a confidence throughout the place. ‘And the confidence isn’t from the players alone, it’s the staff. I can sense something with the staff. They’re all more upbeat, happy to be in at work everyday, and that’s all been created and generated by Erik ten Hag and his team.’ 