  The presidential candidate New Nigerian People’s Party Engineer Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso has described the House or Representatives candidate in Kosofe Federal Constituency Comrade Abdulwaheed Odunuga as a selfless personality, who prides the welfare of his constituents high above primordial sentiments. Kwankwaso made the remark while in Kosofe on Thursday to solidarize with campaign train of ABOO and other candidates of NNPP in a rally around the area. The mammoth crowd lockdown the whole of Ikosi/Mile12 axis in Kosofe for several hours as the Presidential candidate of the New Nigeria People’s Party (NNPP) H.E. Engr. Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso lead the candidates of the party in the Kosofe constituency, Hon. Abdulwaheed Odunuga (House of Representatives) and Hon. Babajide Bakare (Kosofe 2, House of Assembly) in a rally round the constituency. ALSO READ: 2023 Presidential poll: Kwankwaso will not step down from race, says NNPP The rally which kicked off in Isheri axis of the constituency reached its climax at Mile12 under-bridge as massive followers thronged the campaign train in show of deep love for the party’s presidential candidate. The tens of thousands of supporters showed their unconditional support for the candidates of the NNPP with diverse campaign posters and banners of the party generously displayed around the area.  The NNPP team lead by the Presidential candidate, H.E. Engr. Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso also made a visit to the leadership of the community, asking them to use their good office to ensure peace continues to reign and that all residents pick up their PVC and vote enmasse in the coming elections. Also speaking during the rally, the NNPP candidate for the Kosofe House of Representative position, Hon. Abdulwaheed Odunuga implored all the supporters to continue mobilizing all their people and make sure they vote NNPP in both the Presidential/National Assembly elections and House of Assembly elections. In the same vein, the NNPP candidate for the Kosofe constituency 2, Lagos State House of Assembly, Hon. Babajide Bakare challenged the supporters to conduct themselves peacefully in the face of the harassment and bullying by the ruling party, and that the ballot will speak louder for them in the coming elections.  