   As part of measures to further enhance operational efficiency and sustain regulatory excellence, the Nigerian Communications Commission NCC, has redeployed two of its directors, Dr. Alhassan Haru and Mr. Efosa Idehen to respectively man the Technical Standards and Network Integrity (TSNI), and the Compliance Monitoring and Enforcement CME departments of the Commission. The exercise, which has been approved by the Executive Vice Chairman of the commission, Prof Umar Danbatta, also saw the movement of other senior staffers of the NCC to head critical departments. This follows the recent retirement of some directors, who attained the 60- year mandatory retirement age. In the new disposition, former Director, New Media and Information Security NMIS, Dr Haru, takes over from the retiring Director, Engr. Bako Wakil at the TSNI department, which oversees the maintenance of international standards and integrity of the national network, including quality of service (QoS) and equipment type approval. READ ALSO: Nairaxi emerges winner in NCC’s Young Innovators Competition Idehen, who was once the director at CME, returns to a familiar turf where he was nicknamed ‘Efosa, the Enforcer’ after a stint at the Consumer Affairs Bureau (CAB). He takes over from Mr. Ephraim Nwokonneya, who has also commenced his retirement leave. The CME department monitors the industry and enforces compliance with industry rules of engagement. At the Projects Department of the Commission, from where Mrs. Iyabo Sholanke retired, Mr. Philip Eretan, Deputy Director, was appointed Head, while Mr. Kelechi Nwankwo, another deputy director, took over as head, Corporate Planning Strategy and Risk Management, CPSRM, a  position left by erstwhile director, Mr. Felix Adeoye. Dr. Chidi Diugwu, deputy director at NMIS, took over from Haru as head of the department. Mrs. Safiya Jijji has assumed duty as Ag. Head, Zonal Operations, following the retirement of the erstwhile director, Mrs. Amina Shehu. READ ALSO: NCC-approved phones for Nigerian market hits 1,961, images Another deputy director, Banji Ojo, takes over from Idehen as Head, CAB. NCC boss, in the redeployment, charged the new appointees to work in tandem with the Commission’s Strategic Management Plan (SMP) 2020-2024 and NCC’s Strategic Vision Implementation Plan (SVP) 2020-2025. The EVC further assured industry stakeholders of the Commission’s determination to provide essential regulatory support to consolidate on the growth already recorded in the industry. According to him, the NCC will continue to put round pegs in round holes to sustain its operational efficiency and regulatory excellence. All the dispositions are with immediate effect.      . 