 The Red Devils boss Erik ten Hag could be set to swiftly safe his blushes with the consideration of axing United’s new signing Wout Weghorst. The reports reaching National Daily suggest that Ten Hag is considering switching up his side’s attack for Sunday’s Premier League clash at Leeds, with compatriot Wout Weghors’ts starting place at stake. The 30-year-old who joined United on loan from Burnley for the rest of the season has scored only one goal in seven appearances for the Red Devils as boss Ten Hag considers taking him out of the side’s starting line-up at Leeds United had brought in Weghorst to fill the void up front left by Cristiano Ronaldo’s acrimonious departure before the World Cup with the 30-year-old subsequently starting all seven matches for Ten Hag’s side since his switch. Weghorst solitary goal for United has come in the EFL Cup victory at Nottingham Forest despite enjoying a run of games in a central attacking position following Anthony Martial’s injury. The Dutch forward struggled to make an impression against Leeds in the midweek Premier League draw and he was replaced before the hour mark by Jadon Sancho who eventually scored to help United rescue a point. The changes that saw Sancho and Pellistri replaced Weghorst and Garnacho have allowed in-form striker Marcus Rashford to switch into a central position, with the returning Sancho occupying his place on the left-flank and Pellistri impressing in a rare opportunity on the right. Weghorst managed just four successful passes in the final third of his hour-long appearance at Old Trafford while just one of those came in the Leeds penalty area. Furthermore, he won just two of his four duels during the game and generally struggled to make an impression. National Daily gathered from a report by The Sun that Weghorst will now be taken out of the firing line for Sunday’s trip to Elland Road. With Martial likely to once again sit out the game, that may mean that Rashford will play centrally – as he did for the final half-hour on Wednesday, in which he scored. Ten Hag said of Rashford this week: “He has unbelievable focus at this moment. He is in such a flow, he brings it to every game on the pitch. If he has that energy, those levels, he will score goals.” That is also likely to allow Sancho to make his first start for United since October with the winger appearing in fine fettle, bagging United’s equaliser at Old Trafford in a promising showing which suggested he was well on his way to a return to form. And with stand-in captain Bruno Fernandes speaking of the England international, maintained: “Jadon is getting back, he’s getting his minutes, and got his goal. It will hopefully be a big boost for him and for us for the rest of the season because we need everyone at their best.” 