   Chelsea supporters have no dobt endured some miserable moments following the poor results the west London club have churned out recently. The Blues fans last celebrated a Chelsea victory since December 27, 2022 when they defeated Bournemouth 2 – 0 in the League and had since then gone ten games without victory in all competitions. The above development has seen fans calling for a change at Stamford Bridge to quickly arrest the situation especially after spending over £600m in the last two transfer windows since Todd Boehly became chairman last May. Meanwhile, report reaching National Daily suggests that Boehly has no intention of sacking Graham Potter despite Chelsea’s results especially their humiliating 1-0 defeat to Southampton on Saturday afternoon. The Blues were humbled by the Saints at Stamford Bridge thanks to James Ward-Prowse’s stunning free kick. The result leaves Potter’s side 10th in the Premier League – 10 points behind Newcastle in fourth – while Southampton remain at the foot of the table. Chelsea fans made their feelings known about Potter’s tenure by booing after their latest defeat. The Blues boss, who was appointed just five months ago, understands why the supporters are unhappy and has pledged to work hard to put things right Chelsea chair Boehly and the rest of the board have not changed their mind on Potter in the wake of the Southampton loss. They will support the Englishman, who has four-and-a-half years left on his contract, through this tricky time. Boehly’s consortium completed a takeover of Chelsea last summer and sacked successful manager Thomas Tuchel in September. The German won three trophies during his 20 months in charge – including the Champions League – and reached three other finals. Yet that was not enough for Boehly to keep Tuchel in charge. Potter stepped into the hot seat after establishing Brighton in the top 10 of the Premier League and gaining admirers through his work with Swedish side Ostersund and Swansea in the Championship. Potter’s time at Ostersund was particularly impressive, as he achieved three promotions and won the Swedish Cup. He even led the minnows to a Europa League victory against Arsenal in February 2018, with the Gunners progressing on aggregate. Though Potter’s spell at Stamford Bridge had started well with Chelsea winning three consecutive Premier League games, but their progress was halted by three successive league defeats ahead of the World Cup in Qatar. They have won just two Premier League games since. Chelsea suffered a 1-0 defeat to Borussia Dortmund in the Champions League last Wednesday night, and Saturday afternoon’s loss has cast further doubt over the manager’s future. Potter responded to Chelsea’s boo boys during a post-match interview. The 47-year-old said: “After a 1-0 defeat at home, any criticism you get is understandable. We’ve had a tough period and are integrating young players into the Premier League. When results don’t go your way it’s tough. “I’m not arrogant enough to say that their opinion isn’t worth articulating. My job is to help the team and work through a team period. The truth is we took as step back with our performance in the first half. Our response in the second half was good, but it wasn’t enough.” 