 The report reaching  National Daily reveals that both Arsenal and Manchester City have been charged by the Football Association for failing to control their players during Wednesday’s clash. The Citizens have heaped misery at their Premier League title rivals Arsenal by picking up a crucial three points at the Emirates and had since toppled them as leaders on goal difference. Expectedly, it was a tense encounter and both clubs have been charged by the FA over multiple incidents during the meeting. ‘Arsenal and Manchester City have been charged after their players surrounded the match official at different times during the Premier League fixture on Wednesday February 15,’ read an FA Spokesperson statement on Friday. ‘It’s alleged that both clubs failed to ensure their players conducted themselves in an orderly fashion, with Arsenal’s players surrounding the match official during the 56th minute and Manchester City’s doing so during the 42nd and 64th minutes. ‘Both clubs have until Tuesday 21 February to provide their respective responses.’ Arsenal’s charge is due to their players surrounding the referee when he awarded a penalty against Gabriel Magalhaes for a foul on Erling Haaland, before it was ruled out for offside. City’s charges are due to two incidents, the first coming when referee Anthony Taylor gave a penalty against their goalkeeper Ederson – despite Eddie Nketiah getting his shot away – and the second for their players’ reaction to Nketiah not receiving more than a yellow card for a challenge on defender Ruben Dias. Meanwhile, Kevin De Bruyne took a playful swipe at Arsenal fans after the City midfielder had bottles and plastic glasses launched at him during his side’s win. The Belgium international opened the scoring on Wednesday with a wonderfully taken effort after a mistake from Takehiro Tomiyasu in the first-half. De Bruyne was replaced by Kalvin Phillips with three minutes of the match remaining and was targeted by Arsenal fans who threw plastic bottles and glasses in his direction. He swerved to avoid being hit by one as he walked around the pitch, smiling back at the home support. With City celebrating a huge victory, De Bruyne made light of the incident, sharing images of one glass heading his way with the caption, ‘Beer anyone?’ followed by ‘Thanks!’ 