 Sen. Datti Baba-Ahmed, Vice Presidential Candidate of the Labour Party (LP) has appealed to Nigerians not to allow scarcity of new naira notes to deter them from voting on Feb.25 in the presidential election. Baba-Ahmed who made the call at a news conference on Friday in Abuja. He urged Nigerians not to relent but to come out and vote against all odds to end the circle of the challenges and sufferings in the country. He called on Nigerians to hold his Presidential Candidate Peter Obi and himself responsible, if they failed to move Nigeria from consumption to a productive economy. Baba-Ahmed said that they should also hold them accountable if they failed to build a 21first century economy propelled by technology. He said that they would bear the full responsibility if they failed to build the required human capital and skill for the 21 first century economy. “Hold us responsible, if we fail to cut waste in government or drastically fight corruption which has permeated every segment and sector of our national life. “We make these promises because of what we are offering Nigerians, leadership with character, competence, knowledge and compassion. “Next Saturday, Nigerians will be expected to make the most important decision in the history of the country, decision that will determine and shape the future of Nigeria. “The past eight years have witnessed the most lamentable failures in terms of promises made for change. “ Even if you are angry with the country and the leadership because of the sufferings you are going through, take your anger to the polls and vote out those who have impoverished you through bad governance,“he said. Baba-Ahmed urged Nigerians not to forget that the nation faces existential threats because of very poor leadership and irresponsible governance. “The good news is the arrival of LP and its most admired, remarkable and inspirational leader, Peter Obi who has changed the dynamics of Nigerian politics for good. “ He has mobilised Nigerians, given them hope to believe that a new Nigeria devoid of bad leadership, insecurity, corruption is possible. “ Also possible, is a country propelled by good governance and production to significantly improve the general well-being of the vast majority of Nigerians and guarantee their security and prosperity,’’he said. He said that these Nigerians, the `Obidients’ have shown courage and desire to take back their country. According to him, they care very little about religion or ethnicity but a country that is inclusive, united and work for all. He said that their supporters invested in energy and emotions because they could see their sincerity and commitment. “This is the stark difference between us and others and why we call on all Nigerians to troop out next Saturday and vote for LP. “A vote for LP is a vote for a secure and progressive nation; it is a vote for unity, and an appreciation that our diversity is a major strength which we must promote to our advantage.’’ Baba-Ahmed called on all Nigerians of goodwill, who care about the youths to come out en-mass and vote LP. According to him, their message is very simple and unambiguous. “We shall stop the stealing and start the keeping. We shall stop the slide and start the climb of our economy. Vote for Labour Party for a New Nigeria,’he said. Baba-Ahmed said that the 2023 election if held correctly held the promise of the long awaited secure, stable and prosperous Nigeria. He called on INEC to be an impartial umpire and not frustrate the will of the people. He implored security agencies, the police, the military, the Department of State Services (DSS) and other uniformed officers to conduct themselves with utmost responsibility. “To my dear Nigerians, you have the best opportunity to take back your country and usher in a new Nigeria. “I urge you to troop out, vote LP and protect your right to a New Nigeria, let’s get it done,“he said.  Source – NAN 