    The Red Devils manager Erik ten Hag has maintained that United’s starlet Alejandro Garnacho has a ‘lot to learn’ despite the impressive start to his Old Trafford career. National Daily can confirm that the 18-year-old Garnacho had scored his third goal of the season as United defeated Leeds 2-0 at Elland Road on Sunday. Ten Hag who was critical of the Argentine winger after Manchester United were held to a 2-2 draw against same opposition at Old Trafford earlier in the week maintained that the starlet has got more to learn. National Daily learnt that Ten Hag while discussing Garnacho’s impact in the reverse fixture and the criticism aimed at the teenager earlier in the week, had said that: ‘It’s normal. He’s a young player and he has to learn a lot. ‘We saw on Wednesday he was making great actions but not finishing. I think he had to finish in that moment. It has to do with focus but also with preparation. ‘Today it was the same. In the first minutes he was not in the game and you have to be ready. ‘After the first goal he improved and showed his great skills, his pace, his dribbles, his timing and it was a great finish too.’ The Peacocks looked set to frustrate the Red Devils for the second time in five days as the visitors struggled to find a breakthrough at Elland Road. But in-form Marcus Rashford headed home his 21st goal of the season to break the deadlock before second-half substitute Garnacho put the game to bed with an impressive run and finish. On United’s win, Ten Hag said: ‘It was a hectic game, which you expect here. ‘At the start we were not calm enough, we made bad decisions on the ball and were not calm enough on the ball, too hectic, and after the subs we were a little calmer, we dictated the game a bit more. ‘Marcus is a great striker, he scores with left, right and head. It is about keeping focus for the whole game, and it is about the finishing and he has the capabilities to do that.’ Manchester United, who reduced the gap to Premier League leaders Arsenal to five points, now turn their attentions to a Europa League clash with Barcelona on Thursday night. ‘It is a great game,’ Ten Hag added. ‘Two big clubs wanting a reset and we really look forward to competing with them.’ 