  Like Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo, there is no doubt that the next big thing in world football could be Kylian Mbappe and Erling Haaland as the rivalry between the two prolific strikers is bound to dominate scene. Meanwhile, Pep Guardiola’s hitman, Haaland has melted some hearts when the Norwegian refused to hold back with his gushing praise of rival Kylian Mbappe. The 22-year-old even went ahead to jokingly express his wishes to play alongside the Frenchman though for Norway. National Daily can confirm that the the two forwards are no doubt seen as the next two generation talents – and could yet dominate in the way Messi and Ronaldo did. Both players burst onto the scene as teenagers and have enjoyed huge individual success, both excelling on the Champions League stage. Though Haaland and the 24-year-old Mbappe have differing styles, but they have both scored huge amount of goals. And while Mbappe has been able to showcase his quality on the international stage with France following his two World Cup finals, Haaland and Norway are not as competitive. National Daily learnt that Haaland while lauding Mbappe was quick to shower him with praise. Speaking to RMC, the Man City forward said: “There are so many good players and Kylian is one of them. He is so strong! The French are so lucky that he plays for France. I would like him to play for Norway obviously, but it’s not the case. But yes, he’s an incredible player.” Haaland also added: “He’s so fast, so strong and he’s been doing it for so many years. What is he? Two years older than me? It’s crazy! Sometimes you have to tell yourself that he still has ten years of playing at the top level. He is phenomenal.” Mbappe has scored 27 times for PSG this term, but it was his performances for Les Blues at the World Cup which truly highlighted his brilliance. He almost hauled his country to the trophy with a hat-trick, having been quiet for much of the game, becoming just the second man to bag a treble in the final. And with the continual debate surrounding Mbappe and Haaland, Rio Ferdinand and Owen Hargreaves both admitted that the Frenchman is able to do things on an individual level that are unmatched. Ferdinand speaking on BT Sport, explained: “They’re two obviously great players. But Haaland needs a team to create him goals. Mbappe does as well but he can also go and create goals on his own and take the game by the scruff of the neck. I’m taking Mbappe.” Hargreaves then added: “I’m taking Mbappe, everybody is. Haaland is a brilliant finisher but Mbappe can do things on his own, like he did in the World Cup final.” Meanwhile, Haaland is on course to smash the Premier League records for goals in a season, currently held by Alan Shearer, who has nothing but praise for the Manchester City man. “I’ll be the first to shake his hand,” he said. “It’s going to go. I really enjoy his attitude. I love his hunger and his desire. I loved what he was saying about not sleeping at night when he doesn’t score goals because that’s what a goal scorer is. I love everything about him and as I said beforehand, if you’re building for me the perfect centre-forward, he is it. And I think he’s almost perfect.” 