   An MIT Professor, Retsef Levi has joined other experts calling for the immediate suspension of the COVID mRNA vaccine due to the danger it poses to young people. Prof. Levi, who took to his Twitter handle to share the harm mRNA vaccines are causing in young people, said indisputable evidence is mounting that mRNA vaccines cause serious harm including death, especially among young people. “We have to stop giving them immediately!,” the MIT Expert in Analytics, Risk Management, Health Systems, Food & Agriculture Systems, Manufacturing & Supply Chain Management has tweeted. Professor Levi’s video, in which he has warned against the use of mRNA vaccine, has received more than 1 million views so far. “All COVID mRNA vaccination programs should stop immediately” “I’m filming this video to share my strong conviction that at this point in time, all COVID mRNA vaccination programs should stop immediately,” Professor Levi has said. “They should stop because they completely failed to fulfill any of their advertised promises regarding efficacy. And more importantly, they should stop because of the mounting and indisputable evidence that they cause unprecedented levels of harm, including the death of young people and children,” he continued. “mRNA vaccines indeed cause sudden cardiac arrest” READ ALSO: How COVID vaccine destroyed my career, freedom, woman laments “I believe that the cumulative evidence is conclusive and confirms our concern that the mRNA vaccines indeed cause sudden cardiac arrest as a sequel of vaccine-induced myocarditis. And this is potentially only one mechanism by which they cause harm,” he said. “I personally became concerned with vaccine safety around the middle of 2021 when it became known that the mRNA vaccines cause myocarditis, and inflammation of the heart,” he says. “I was very concerned that it would not be detected by the existing vaccine safety surveillance systems. Motivated by that, we decided to analyze the Israel National EMS data to see if there are any signals of increased out of hospital adverse events,” he added and continued to substantiate his claims with the results of several studies. “We detected an increase of 25% in the cause with cardiac arrest diagnosis” “The analysis of the EMS calls and diagnosis data from 2018. Throughout the first half of 2021 revealed some very concerning signals. We detected an increase of 25% in the cause with cardiac arrest diagnosis among ages 16 to 39. In the first half of 2021, exactly when the vaccination campaign in Israel was launched, a smaller increase was also detected in the older ages. Moreover, we also detected a statistically significant temporal correlation between the number of the Pfizer vaccine doses administered to this population and the number of EMS calls with cardiac arrest diagnosis,” says Professor Levi. READ ALSO: COVID-19 vaccine adverse effect affected Nurse wins suit on $1,500 child maintenance cost “Data from the UK, Scotland, and Australia replicate the data from Israel. Additional data from Israel indicates that in 2021, the EMS in Israel conducted more than 3,000 more resuscitations compared to 2019, which amounts for an increase of 27%. Two prospective studies from Thailand and Switzerland in which vaccines were tested before and after they received a vaccine, indicate that the rates of heart damage are likely to be significantly higher than the rates detected by clinical diagnosis. This is exactly the same finding that the US. Military found it in 2015 when it conducted a similar study on the smallpox vaccine.” He continued, “Another study from the Harvard Medical School detected in the blood of children with vaccine-induced myocarditis, an entire spike, which is another indication of the underlying mechanism of harm, but in fact has even broader implications about the safety of the vaccine given the repeated evidence that we have that the mRNA and the lipids are actually penetrating the blood system.” “And finally, autopsies of people that died closely after they received the vaccine indicate that in a large number of cases, there is strong evidence that the death was caused by vaccine-induced myocarditis. So presented with all of this evidence, I think there is no other ethical or scientific choice but to pull out of the market these medical products and stop all the mRNA vaccination programs. This is clearly the most failing medical product in the history of medical products, both in terms of efficacy and safety,” he said. 