 Arsenal’s new acquisition Jorginho has opened up on his decision to move to the Emirates after being frozen out by London rivals Chelsea. National Daily can confirm that the 31-year-old was a crucial component of Thomas Tuchel’s Champions League winning side but the experienced Italy international was reduced to a bit-part role under his successor Graham Potter. And it became clear that Jorginho was not prepared to play second fiddle to Enzo Fernandez after Chelsea smashed the British transfer record to sign the young Argentine. Though Jorginho’s return to Napoli had long been touted, particularly by his agent, but the chance to compete for the Premier League title and play for Mikel Arteta, a manager who had made no secret of his admiration for a player who has been a divisive character during his time in England, proved too good an opportunity to resist. And speaking to DAZN on Monday, Jorginho explained: ‘It’s one of the reasons, surely’. ‘He called me and it was all very quick, we made the deal in less than 48 hours. I had spoken to Chelsea and I knew I was no longer part of their plans. I wanted to progress in my career and the Arsenal project suits me. ‘It’s a young team that plays good football and fits my characteristics. I considered every scenario and made the decision. Sometimes you must accept when you are out of a project and that things come to an end.’ It had been a turbulent few weeks for Arsenal with defeats against Everton and Manchester City, allied to a controversial draw at home to Brentford, resulting in their eight point gap at the top disappearing. A dramatic victory over Aston Villa on Saturday, however, has lifted the mood again, particularly given City dropped two points at Nottingham Forest. Despite the sobering loss against the reigning champions, Jorginho insists confidence never wavered and revealed the group took heart from their display against Pep Guardiola’s side. He added: ‘No, if you look at the game, it was decided in the penalty boxes,” noted Jorginho. ‘You can’t commit certain mistakes against these champions at this level. We made mistakes, and they punished us. 