 A 20-year old apprentice, Josiah Godwin, has allegedly killed his master, Savior Joseph and dumped his corpse in a well at Imafon Community in Akure South Local Government Area of Ondo State. The News Agency of Nigeria reports that trouble started when the deceased, who specialised in fixing POP asbestos, smashed the apprentice’s phone on the floor over an unsettled dispute. While narrating the incident to newsmen in Akure on Thursday, the elder brother of the deceased, Odey Julius, said the body of the 27-year old deceased was found four days ago in a well at the site where the deceased and the apprentice went to work at Imafon Community. “Last week Tuesday, the deceased spoke with me in the morning but when I tried his telephone number on Wednesday, it didn’t get through, “And I thought he had a flat battery. But it was on Saturday that I was called by another younger brother of mine who also complained of not being able to reach the deceased on his telephone line. “Afterwards, we contacted the apprentice of the deceased and asked him of the whereabouts of his master. He said his boss woke him up at night, collected his phone and smashed it on the floor. He said the deceased began to beat him and later asked him to sleep. “The apprentice said that he decided to leave the site the following day,” Julius said. The deceased elder brother also said that when he queried Godwin why he had to leave the site without seeing his boss, the apprentice claimed that he thought his master went to the toilet. “But when we checked the phone he said was smashed on the floor by the deceased, there was no scratch on it”, he explained. Also, an in-law to the deceased, Mr Ogar Julius, said the suspect had been arrested and transferred to the Police Criminal Investigative Department (CID), at the Police headquarters, Akure. SP Funmilayo Odunlami-Omisayan, Police Public Relations Officer(PPRO) in Ondo State, who confirmed the incident to newsmen, said that the suspect had been apprended and would be charged to court after police investigations.  Source – NAN 