 Sen. Adamu Aliero on Monday said that the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) had resolved all lingering grievances and was ready to wrest power from the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state. Aliero, who represents Kebbi Central in the Senate, made this known in Birnin Kebbi while addressing supporters that came to welcome him back home after his victory at the Supreme Court. The News Agency of Nigeria reports that Aliero, an ex-Governor of Kebbi State and ex-Minister of the Federal Capital Territory, was declared the authentic PDP flag-bearer for Kebbi Central in the upcoming general elections by the nation’s apex court. The lawmaker said: “PDP today is united; all aggrieved members have resolved their differences. We have come together as one big family and we are now ready to wrest power from the incumbent.” He appreciated the people of Kebbi State for their concern, support, prayers and fasting to enable him and Sen. Yahaya Abdullahi (PDP-Kebbi North) emerge victorious at the Supreme Court. Aliero alleged that the government of Kebbi State had collected lots of monies from the federation account but had nothing to show for it. The lawmaker appealed to the people to come out en-mass and cast their votes for PDP candidates, assuring them that the party would do everything possible to transform the nation for the betterment of all. In his speech, the PDP gubernatorial candidate in Kebbi State, retired Maj-Gen. Aminu Bande, observed that the crowd that received them was beyond imagination. He urged them to translate the support into votes during the forthcoming elections. He described Kebbi State as the most backward state among its peers in the last seven years in spite of the money being received from the federal government. Bande urged all party loyalists to ensure that they collected their PVCs as it was the only weapon to be used to exercise civic responsibility. Earlier, the Director General, PDP Campaign Council in the state, Alhaji Abubakar Shehu-Geza, observed that Sen. Aliero’s victory at the Supreme Court had not only sent a message of darkness to their opponents, but a mighty blow and signal of defeat. He accused the APC of throwing Nigerians into abject poverty and untold hardship, declaring that it had done nothing to warrant re-election in the upcoming general elections.  Source – NAN 