 By Odimmegwa Johnpeter/Abuja The Director General of the of National Youth Service Corps NYSC, Brig. Gen. Yusha’u Dogara Ahmed has warned all the corps members against receiving any gifts or any form of financial inducement or gratification from politicians during the 2023 General Elections or face the wrath of the law.
Brigadier-General Yusha’u Dogara Ahmed, on Tuesday, in Abuja gave this warning while briefing journalists on the preparedness of the Scheme for the forthcoming 2023 general elections. According to him, those who are going to participate in this election have already been trained, guidelines have also been given to them, and they’re well informed and are willing to give their best. “We are committed to making adequate provision for security and general welfare with the policy thrust of my administration.” “Let it be known to all the corps members that, NYSC don’t belong to any political party, don’t accept or collect any gifts from politicians, don’t collect any gratification from any quarters go their perform you duty without any favour When asked if there is any punishment for any corps members who compromise in discharge of his/her duty. DG replied: “if any of them compromise, the law of the land will take its due course
In a related development, The National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) has also launched A Distress Call Centre (DCC) with emergency call number 6972 for corps members to alert the authorities in cases of any danger during the forthcoming 2023 general election.
NYSC Director General, Brigadier-General Yusha’u Dogara Ahmed, on Tuesday, in Abuja announced the development while briefing journalists on the readiness of the Scheme for the forthcoming general elections. He expressed that, creation of the emergency call centre was to enhance the security and safety of Corps Members Ahmed said once the centre receives a call from any corps member, they will get the issue and location of the caller and immediately alert security agents in that area for quick response. Speaking on the security and welfare of the participating corps members, Ahmed noted that the scheme had been discussed with the Independent Electoral Commission (INEC) and security agencies and they have assured the scheme that everything had been put in place to ensure the security and general welfare of the corps members. “We have meet with Nigerian Police, DSS, Civil defense, all others security agencies, all hands are on deck to ensure corps members life are secure “We are committed to making adequate provision for security and general welfare with the policy thrust of my administration. The NYSC DG also warned Corps Members against receiving gifts or any form of financial inducement from politicians during the 2023 General Elections. “Those who are going to participate in this election have already been trained, guidelines have also been given to them, they’re well informed and are willing to give their best. “I have gone to meet with the security agencies since I took over and every hand is on the deck to make sure Corps Members are safe. “The NYSC officials on their own have sensitized the Corp Members on the importance of their security and maintaining the ethics of the election,” the DG statedThe National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) has launched A Distress Call Centre (DCC) with emergency call number 6972 for corps members to alert the authorities in cases of any danger during the forthcoming 2023 general election.
NYSC Director General, Brigadier-General Yusha’u Dogara Ahmed, on Tuesday, in Abuja announced the development while briefing journalists on the readiness of the Scheme for the forthcoming general elections. He also stated that the creation of the emergency call centre was to enhance the security and safety of Corps Members Ahmed said once the centre receives a call from any corps member, they will get the issue and location of the caller and immediately alert security agents in that area for quick response. Speaking on the security and welfare of the participating corps members, Ahmed noted that the scheme had been discussed with the Independent Electoral Commission (INEC) and security agencies and they have assured the scheme that everything had been put in place to ensure the security and general welfare of the corps members. “We have meet with Nigerian Police, DSS, Civil defense, all others security agencies, all hands are on deck to ensure corps members life are secure “We are committed to making adequate provision for security and general welfare with the policy thrust of my administration. The NYSC DG also warned Corps Members against receiving gifts or any form of financial inducement from politicians during the 2023 General Elections. “Those who are going to participate in this election have already been trained, guidelines have also been given to them, they’re well informed and are willing to give their best. “I have gone to meet with the security agencies since I took over and every hand is on the deck to make sure Corps Members are safe. “The NYSC officials on their own have sensitized the Corp Members on the importance of their security and maintaining the ethics of the election,” the DG stated  