 The Federal Government has stepped up measures to foster innovation and economic growth through the Nigeria Creative Industries Development Bill (CIDB). The CIDB Lead, retired Col. Felix Alaita, who made the disclosure at the Ministries, Departments, Agencies and Parastatal’s Consultation Session to Review the proposed draft of the Nigeria Creative Industry Development Bill, held on Wednesday in Abuja. Alaita, who is the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Country Risk Assessment and Evaluation, said that CIDB project was a collaborative effort between Nigeria’s creative industry and the Presidency. He added that it was aimed at transforming the Nigerian creative space through regulation and an executable action plan. The presidential aide also said that the bill would build a vibrant as well as an enabling creative space for Nigerian creative industries. According to Alaita, Nigeria’s creative talents and industries deserve to be recognised and supported. He said: “The CIDB will mark the beginning of new era for the creative industries, as it will boost job creation and viable economic growth. ”It will also hep to reshape the economy of creative industries, thereby unleashing the potential of the arts and critical to reversing years of loss and inadequacies in Nigeria. ” Also, the CIDB will pave pave way for leveling the playing field, thereby promoting diversity and inclusivity in the arts, create future of work in the arts, support freelance and gig workers. ” Furthermore, CIDB is envisaged as a critical legislative instrument to drive digital transformation through building bridges between the arts and technology. ”It will also support local arts communities through provision of resources for small and medium-sized arts organisations.” Similarly, he said the bill was designed to help cultivate the next generation of artists, through to investment in arts education. It will also serve as a boost for cultural tourism by driving cultural and economic benefits through arts and cultural events. The News Agency of Nigeria reports that organisers of the CIDC event lauded the Office of the Chief of Staff to the President, Prof. Ibrahim Gambari and the Minister of information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed for their commitment towards the success of the programme.  Source – NAN 