 The Red Devils teenager Alejandro Garnacho has been tipped to perform against Barcelona at Old Trafford by former United midfielder Owen Hargreaves. Hargreaves has therefore urged Erik ten Hag to unleash the young Argentine in United’s second leg clash against Barca at Old Trafford next week. Ten Hag and his boys fought hard to return to England with a point after their 2-2 draw against the La Liga leaders at the Camp Nou on Thursday night. The meeting at the Old Trafford meeting next week becomes vital as that will decide who progresses to the last 16 of the Europa League. The Red Devils had two superb chances in the first-half with Marc-Andre ter Stegen denying Wout Weghorst and Marcus Rashford. Meanwhile, Marcos Alonso had gone on to open the scoring for Barcelona early in the second-half, but the in-form United striker Rashford was at hand to strike back two minutes later to level the tie. United had gone ahead to take the lead after creating a host of chances by exploiting space on the counter attack. However, Raphinha scored a leveler 14 minutes from full-time to ensure that Xavi’s men were able to keep a point as United will be hopeful of finishing the job on their own turf. Speaking after the game, National Daily gathered that Hargreaves highlighted Barcelona’s weaknesses in transitions and believes 18-year-old Garnacho, who came on as a late substitute, will be ‘perfect’ for punishing Xavi’s side next week. Asked what Barcelona need to do better in Manchester, Hargreaves told BT Sport: ‘I don’t think they [Barcelona] controlled the game. And that is a big thing for Xavi and Barcelona. ‘It felt like in the transitions they were too vulnerable, they were too open. And it feels like there will be more of those situations at Old Trafford if they are going to play that way. ‘Maybe Garnacho plays, I think he will be perfect in that. It was quite a surprise actually, Marcus playing through the middle and Weghorst playing as a no10 and Bruno on the right. ‘Maybe he [ten Hag] plays it slightly different. But it just feels like in the transition, Barcelona weren’t there and at Old Trafford, United will get good chances.’ Barcelona’s hopes of progressing were dealt a blow on Thursday with Pedri and Gavi both set to miss the return leg. Pedri was forced off after 40 minutes with a thigh injury with reports in Spain suggesting he could be sidelined for three to four weeks. Gavi meanwhile picked up his third yellow card in European competition this season for a foul on Fred, earning him a one-match suspension. 