 Gov. Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, who is seeking re-election, rounded off his campaign in five local government areas within Ibadan on Tuesday. The News Agency of Nigeria reports that Makinde and his political party – the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) flagged off the campaign in January at the historical Mapo Hall, in Ibadan. The campaign traversed all the 33 local government areas of Oyo State, where Makinde gave account of his stewardship in the last 44 months. He also promised to serve the people more and consolidate on good governance if re-elected on March 11. Tuesday’s campaign took Makinde and his team to Ibadan North, Ibadan Northeast, Ibadan Southeast, Ibadan Southwest and Ibadan Northwest local government areas. There, he met with the traditional councils and religious leaders. He equally met with market men and women’s associations, artisanal groups and non-indigenes. He declared that his government had been able to achieve much in his first tenure due to the massive support it received from the people and that more developments were in store for the state if re-elected. At St. Paul Church, Yemetu, in Ibadan North Local Government Area, the governor met with the leadership of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN). He met with the League of Imams and Alfas in Ibadan Southeast Local Government Area at the Ibadan Central Mosque, Oja’ba. He also met with the traditional religion worshippers at the Ibadan Northeast Local Government Secretariat, and non-indigenes at the Ibadan Northwest Local Government Secretariat. The governor appreciated all religious leaders for standing by his administration and for their prayers He urged them to support him at the coming election to be able to consolidate on his past achievements. Makinde enjoined the electorate to support all candidates of the PDP at the National Assembly and State Assembly elections. He said his administration had put in place free and qualitative education and improved the health sector with the renovation and equipment of more than 250 Primary Healthcare Centres. He added that his administration successfully expanded the state’s economy by connecting all the zones of the state with quality roads. The administration also ensured prompt payment of salaries and pensions of civil servants and retirees on or before the 25th day of every month in the past 44 months, he said. The governor also stated that his administration ensured the security of lives and property through the creation of “Amotekun’’, the security outfit of states in the southwest geopolitical zone and support to federal security agencies. He noted also that his administration had upheld the honour and sanctity of the Ibadan chieftaincy system. He added that as part of his respect for the traditional institution, he approved the increment of local government allocations for the traditional council from 5 per cent to 10 per cent. The implementation of the increment, he said, would begin by the end of February. Speaking on behalf of Imams and Alfas in the five local government areas, Prof. Kamil Oloso, promised the support of Muslim clerics, explaining that the governor had done a lot for Muslims in the state. Speaking on behalf of Ibadan chiefs, the Osi Olubadan, High Chief Eddy Oyewole, said the governor deserved all the support he was getting, saying Makinde had done well in the state.  Source – NAN 