 Prince Jimi Odimayo, elected APC member for Okitipupa/Irele Federal Constituency of Ondo State, has appreciated his constituents for ensuring his victory at the Feb. 25 polls. This is contained in a statement he issued personally on Tuesday in Irele. Odimayo said he was deeply moved by the massive support of his constituents, which gave him victory. He promised to be a listening representative who would take ideas and suggestions from the constituents to bring dividends of democracy to all constituents and development to the area. “I want to thank my fellow Ikale indigenes, both home and abroad, for honouring me with your votes on Feb. 25. “I am deeply moved by your massive support, uncommon love, expression of confidence and total submission of future hope for my mandate from all the communities that make up Ikaleland in both Okitipupa and Irele Local Government Areas. “My appreciation will not be complete without specially thanking our ‘Talk and Do’ Governor, Oluwarotimi Odunayo Akeredolu, his wife, Mrs Betty Anyanwu-Akeredolu and deputy governor, Lucky Aiyedatiwa, for believing in me and my aspiration for my people. “I owe the first family a lot and I pray that your children shall receive helps from far and near. “To our party state Chairman, Mr Ade Adetimehin, your fatherly roles and encouragement on my political aspiration is legendary. Indeed, you led the way to this victory. “I thank you from the bottom of my heart, as I am yet to figure out what really qualify me to enjoy such fundamental love, willingness and enthusiasm to be your representative at the Green Chamber of the National Assembly from June. “I owe you a huge load of gratitude and also immensely grateful to my immediate family, the Royal Dynasty of Oba Feyisara Odimayo, political associates, business partners, social friends and loyal party and non-partisan supporters who so generously contributed their time, effort and finances to our campaign,” he stated. Odimayo noted that being an effective legislator involved listening to constituents, building their confidence and hope of a better life, translating their concerns into workable proposals and building consensus to implement them. “I can not do this job without the involvement and openness of the people I represent, that is why I am soliciting for more support and encouragement as I do the job diligently to the best of my abilities and God’s direction. “You have taken the time to share with me your ideas, concerns and aspirations, and I sincerely appreciate your willingness to discuss what really matters to you. “Not only have you entrusted me with the responsibility of speaking on your behalf as your representative, but you also continue to provide me with the ideas and feedback I need to do it as it should be done. For that, I thank you once again. “Our darling Ikaleland is currently facing many challenges, but we can overcome them if all of us rise above political interests to do what is best for its constituents,” Odimayo said. The News Agency of Nigeria reports that Odimayo polled 44,638 votes to defeat incumbent PDP’s Gboluga Ikemgbo, who scored 21,066 votes in the Feb. 25 poll.  Source – NAN 