  By Odimmegwa Johnpeter/Abuja Troops of Operation WHIRL PUNCH has on Valentines Day arrested three terrorists at Damba community in Chikun Local Government Area of Kaduna State amongst whom is one of the mastermind of the March 28, 2022 terrorist attack on the Abuja-Kaduna Train. This was stated by Director, Defence Media Operations, Major General Musa Danmadami while briefing newsmen on troops activities and operational successes being recorded in the various operational theaters within the 6 geo-political zones of the Country. Danmadami noted that in the past two weeks, both kinetic and non-kinetic operations were conducted in the various theatres of operations, with significant results recorded. According to General Danmadami, “Troops of Operation WHIRL PUNCH on February 14, 2023 responded to information on the presence of Boko Haram Terrorists/Islamic State of West Africa Province kingpins at Damba community in Chikun Local Government Area of Kaduna State. Subsequently, troops mobilized to the location and arrested 3 terrorists. “One of the terrorists arrested was identified as one of the mastermind of the March 28, 2022 terrorist attack on the Abuja Kaduna Train Services. Following the operation, troops recovered 2 motorcycles, 2 mobile phones, the sum of five thousand Dollar ($5,000) as well as some other currency and other sundry items. “Also, on February 16, 2023, troops on fighting patrol made contact with terrorists at Ungwan Birni in Kajuru Local Government Area of Kaduna State. Following fire fight, troops neutralized 7 terrorists while others fled. Troops exploited the general area and recovered 83 rounds of 7.62mm NATO, 50 rounds of 7.62mm special, 7 magazines, 5 motorcycles and 3 mobile phones among other items. “Also, on February 20, 2023, troops on fighting patrol to Gada Oli Village in Borgu Local Government Area of Niger State, recovered 2 AK 47 rifles, 4 magazines, 66 rounds of 7.62 mm special ammunition and 7 BH/ISWAP terrorist flags. Consequently, within the weeks in review, troops in the North West Zone recovered 10 AK47 rifles, 83 rounds of 7.62mm NATO, 238 rounds of 7.62mm special, 2 locally fabricated rifles, 1 locally fabricated pistol, 7 magazines, 19 motorcycles, mobile phones, 30 rustled cattle and other sundry items. “Troops also neutralized 23 terrorists and arrested 9 as well as rescued 23 abducted civilians. All recovered items and rescued civilians were handed over to the relevant authority for further action while arrested terrorists were documented for further action.” He added: “Troops of the Joint Task Force, Operation HADIN KAI in the North East zone of the country, conducted various offensive operations at villages, mountains, roads and town of Gwoza, Bama, Gubio, Biu, Dikwa, Monguno and Konduga Local Government Areas of Borno State as well as Mubi town in Mubi Local Government Area of Adamawa State. Several raids, fighting patrols and ambushes operations were conducted to curb the activities of terrorists and other criminals within the Joint Area of Operations. “Notably, between February 8 and 13, 2023, troops while acting on credible intelligence, ambushed Boko Haram/Islamic State of West Africa Province terrorists at locations within Gwoza, Mafa, and Bama Local Government Areas of Borno State. At these locations, troops made contact with the terrorists, during which, 10 terrorists were neutralized while other fled in disarray with gunshot wound. “Troops exploited these general areas and recovered 6 AK47 rifles, 38 rounds of 7.62mm special, 71 rounds of 45mm ammunitions, 50 rounds of 7.62mm NATO, 5 dane guns, 4 AK47 magazines, 4 motorcycles, 2 pairs of desert camouflage, 28 bundles of mats, clothing materials, medical supplies and boafeng radios among other sundry items. “Equally, troops while on fighting patrols between 9 and 21 February 2023, made contact with Boko Haram Terrorist/Islamic State of West Africa Province terrorists at villages within Gwoza, Jere and Bama Local Government Areas of Borno State, during these engagements, troops neutralized 7 Boko Haram Terrorist/Islamic State of West Africa Province terrorists while other fled with gunshot injuries. “Troops also recovered 2 AK47 rifles loaded with 10 rounds each of 7.62mm special ammunition. Other items recovered are 3 dane guns, medical supplies, mobile phones, motorcycles, clothing materials among other items. Furthermore, between February 9 and 20, 2023, troops arrested 11 Boko Haram Terrorist/Islamic State of West Africa Province terrorists’ logistic suppliers at several locations within Borno and Adamawa State. “Items recovered from them include assorted clothing materials, medical supplies, large quantities of items suspected to be hard drugs, livestock, 138 jerrican of PMS and other sundry items. Also, on 11 February 2023, troops on fighting patrol responded to distress call on the activities of terrorists at Mallam Maja in Dikwa Local Government Area of Borno State, however, the terrorists fled on sighting the troops. The general area was exploited and troops rescued 20 abducted civilians. “Consequently, within the weeks in focus, troops in the North East, recovered 17 AK47 rifles, 9 dane guns, 12 AK47 magazines, 86 rounds of 7.62mm special, 71 rounds of 45mm ammunitions and 145 rounds of 7.62mm NATO. Others items recovered are 132 jerricans of Premium Motor Spirit, 6 motorcycles, a vehicle, medical supplies, livestock, 28 bundles of mats, assorted clothing materials, mobile phones and other sundry items. “Troops neutralized 27 terrorists and arrested 18 Boko Haram Terrorist/Islamic State of West Africa Province terrorists logistics suppliers, spies and informants at different locations within the theatre as well as rescued 20 abducted civilians while a total of 252 Boko Haram Terrorist/Islamic State of West Africa Province terrorist and member of their families comprising of 24 adult male, 79 adult female and 150 children surrendered to own troops at different location within the theatre of operations. “All recovered items, rescued civilians, and apprehended suspects have been handed over to the appropriate authority for further action while surrendered Boko Haram/Islamic State of West Africa Province terrorists and members of their families are being profiled for further action”.  