  Manchester United vice captain Bruno Fernandes has finally spoken about team-mate Jadon Sancho’s status at Old Trafford. According to the midfielder, Sancho’s problem at United has been lack of confidence National Daily gathered. Fernandes reacting to the England international goal that helped United rescue a point against Leeds on Wednesday night suggested that it is confidence that has been the winger’s problem in recent months. Sancho’s morale-boosting return to the Manchester United especially with his name on the score sheet will surely go a long distance to restore his confidence. The 22-year-old came off the bench and scored the Red Devils’ equaliser in a dramatic 2-2 draw with Leeds at Old Trafford, with the home side needing to bounce back from two goals behind. It was Sancho’s first goal for his club since September, having been left out of first team activity for some time, working on his fitness and mindset away from his teammates. He is now back into the first team and will have been buoyed by scoring his third Premier League goal of the season to rescue a point against Manchester United’s old rivals. Fernandes says that it has been a confidence problem for Sancho and hopefully the midweek goal will be a step towards a return to the kind of form which he was showing for Borussia Dortmund before moving to United in 2021. ‘Hopefully that will give him [Sancho] confidence and a boost for the future because we know how good Jadon can be,’ said Fernandes. ‘We just need him with full confidence to give his best for the team.’ In the end a point was a positive thing for Manchester United as a loss looked likely at one stage, and Fernandes praised the Old Trafford crowd and the spirit of the side to pick up the draw. ‘At this stadium, with the desire and the passion we have, 2-0 can’t happen, but it shouldn’t be a problem,’ he said. ‘Whenever we go down, it will never be a problem to fight back and turn around the result, even more at home, as we saw today. ‘Massive appreciation for the fans, they pushed us at the end and we could have won. I think we deserved that win, but as I said, in this stadium, with these players, it will never be a problem to down in the last minutes because we will always fight.’ 