 The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Thursday took delivery of the sensitive materials for Saturday’s Presidential and National Assembly election in Imo from the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN). The News Agency of Nigeria reports that security agencies, representatives of various political parties in collaboration with INEC inspected the materials before deployment to the 27 Local Government Areas commenced. INEC’s Resident Electoral Officer for Imo, Prof. Sylvia Agu, expressed confidence that the commission would conduct the election without hitches. “We were here last week to confirm the arrival of the sensitive materials and today, we are here again to take a look at the checklist to compare with the politicians,” she said. She explained that the sensitive materials included the ballot papers and the results sheet for the Presidential, Senatorial and the House of Representatives Elections taking place on Saturday. The Imo Secretary of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), Mr Alphonsus Ndubuisi, who doubled as the party’s CBN agent expressed satisfaction with INEC’s preparations for the poll. “We are here to inspect the sensitive materials at the CBN; everything is going on well,” Ndubuisi noted. Also speaking, the Deputy Chairman of PDP, Mr Martin Ejiogu, who monitored the exercise, also lauded INEC’s decision to reverse its earlier decision of collapse polling units in some areas to the stadia. “Somebody from Mgbe cannot walk to Sam Okwaraji in a situation where there is no vehicular movement. “If there is a security challenge and the Police cannot manage the situation, the election should be rescheduled for another day,” he said. The state’s Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice, Mr Cyprian Akaolisa, who served as the All Progressives Congress (APC) agent at the CBN, also commended INEC’s organisation of the electoral process so far. “We do not envisage any major problem because INEC has done what they are supposed to do. “The preparation for the election, the sensitisation, the awareness is there, but obviously, based on the security challenges, there may be flashes. “But I know that the security agencies are equal to the task,” he stressed. Also present were the state Commissioner of Police, Mr Muhammed Barde, the state Commandant of NSCDC, Mr Sunday Mathew, and the Comptroller of the Nigeria Immigration Services, Mrs Nkechi Ezugwu, among others.  Source – NAN 