   The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has claimed that the presidential candidate of the ruling All Progressive Congress (APC), Bola Ahmed Tinubu, allegedly masterminded the intercepting and hoarding of the new notes for a selfish agenda. This was disclosed in a statement by the PDP on Sunday evening, signed by the party’s National Publicity Secretary Dr. Debo Ologunagba. In the statement, the PDP also expressed optimism that the hopelessness and anguish brought upon Nigerians by the APC administration will soon be over when a new President resumes office. The PDP said Nigerians are going through excruciating pain due to the policy and are saddened by the sabotage of corrupt leaders, including Bola Ahmed Tinubu who they alleged has been hoarding new naira notes. The PDP said: “The excruciating pain and distress being faced by Nigerians arising from their inability to access the new Naira Notes occasioned by the reported nefarious activities of corrupt APC leaders who are compromising the system to intercept and hoard the new banknotes for their selfish vote-buying plans ahead of the February 25, 2023, Presidential election. READ ALSO: 2023: North will shock Tinubu, Bafarawa replies El-rufai “Our Party is however saddened that the cash crunch had persisted due to the sabotage of corrupt APC leaders, including the APC Presidential Candidate, Bola Ahmed Tinubu, who is alleged to have masterminded the intercepting and hoarding of the new notes for their selfish agenda.” The PDP further stated that it was disgusted by the hypocrisy being exhibited by the APC’s presidential candidate. They noted that despite Tinubu’s alleged role in the cash scarcity problem, he has been pointing accusing fingers at others and seeking to exploit the ugly situation to incite unsuspecting Nigerians with the view to disrupting the 2023 general elections. They also warned that the APC is devising means to derail the electoral process and force undemocratic issues on Nigerians, urging President Muhammadu Buhari to protect Nigerians. “Tinubu and his apologists in the APC are aware that he has no chance in the election and thus are devising all manner of shenanigans to overheat the polity, derail the electoral process and force an undemocratic situation upon our country. “The PDP calls on President Buhari to protect Nigerians by going after these felonious APC leaders as well as the saboteurs in the system who are reportedly working with the APC Presidential Campaign to mop up cash meant for distribution to our citizens.”  