There is no doubt that the Red Devils fans who have hoped for the possibly takeover of the club by the Qatari are elated following UEFA latest decision. National Daily gathered that UEFA are happy to green-light any Qatari-based bid for Manchester United despite initial doubts that it would be going against their rules. The Old Trafford club have been up for sale since November with progress expected to be made on any potential deal over the next few days. The facilitators of a sale – the Raine Group – have set a soft deadline of Friday for interested parties to present their intentions to bid and proof of funds. National Daily understands that interest is expected to come from all corners of the globe before then. Bids are anticipated from the USA, the UK, Saudi Arabia and Qatar. The Emir of Qatar Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani is spearheading an effort to buy United with his Qatar Investment Authority (QIA) thought to be financing the move. Doubts did emerge, however, with UEFA rules potentially putting a stop to a takeover bid from the gulf state. A rule from the governing body of the European game state that “no individual or legal entity may have control or influence over more than one club participating in a UEFA club competition”. QIA currently own stakes in Qatar Sports Investment – the owners of French giants Paris Saint-Germain. That rule would have prevented ownership of both United and PSG – with Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani reportedly not keen on losing his share of the French giants. But UEFA have handed a huge boost to Man Utd and their hopes of a takeover being completed sooner rather than later Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani has already seemingly put plans in place for his stint at Old Trafford despite work still to be done on a takeover. It has been suggested that the club’s new owners would evaluate all departments at the club before making any major alterations. All current employees would be given a fair opportunity to impress, whilst major investment would also be provided where it is needed. Ahead of that, the Emir was actually spotted on Tuesday evening as he attended Paris Saint-Germain’s Champions League round of 16 showdown with Bayern Munich at the Parc des Princes.