 Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, SAN, of Ondo State, receiving a delegation of the Youth Directorate of the All Progressive Congress (APC) Presidential Campaign Council (PCC), led by Seyi Tinubu on Tuesday, demanded President Muhammadu Buhari to direct the Governor of Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Godwin Emefiele to reverse the naira redesign policy now, and allow the new and old Naira notes to co-exist. The governor stated that despite existing court order restraining the deadline for Naira swap, the old notes seem to have ceased to be legal tender. Governor Akeredolu was of the view that the Naira redesign policy is ill-timed. The governor acknowledged that “the problems created by the naira and fuel scarcity have affected the ratings of the APC.” Akeredolu had stated: “We have a problem we are facing in this country today. Our rating as a party is not that favorable. Let’s not deceive ourselves. Must it be now that we will have this financial policy? “How? Fuel and everything? Things are not easy. This policy is not right at this time. It should be reversed. Reserve it and tell CBN that we are reversing it. Let old and new notes co-exist. “Okada, taxis, banks are not taking old notes again. There is an injunction and everyone is behaving like there is no injunction. We have said that this man should be removed when he contested to be President. The man is not fit for that position. A man who attempted to be President will frustrate us at this time.” Governor Akeredolu, commending Seyi Tinubu and his team for the rigorous campaign across the country for the success of the APC, noted that the youth will determine the outcome of the presidential election on February 25. According to Akeredolu, “your demographic shows that you occupy a larger percentage. You are the ones that will talk to yourself.” Akeredolu, emphasising that the choice of the APC presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, was made based on his competence and track record. Governor Akeredolu stated: “we didn’t waver when we said that the Presidency must come to the South. And when it got to the south, we didn’t waver when we said competence and track record are important. “Our choice of Asiwaju was premised on the informed decision not because we are from the same tribe.” Seyi Tinubu, son of Tinubu, had stated: “we have come to seek your approval to add to what you have done in the state already in terms of the campaign. We will be in Ondo for the next two days to meet with the youths. “Thank you for all you have been doing for Ondo and Nigeria. Most especially for young Nigerians and youths in the state. With the work you have done, we know Asiwaju has no worries in Ondo State.” The Governor was joined in hosting the APC Youth Directorate by Deputy Governor Lucky Aiyedatiwa; National Vice Chairman of party (Southwest), Isaac Kekemeke; Secretary to the State Government, Princess Oladunni Odu; Commissioner for Finance, Wale Akinterinwa; and the Director-General of the Project Performance and Implementation Monitoring Unit (PPIMU), Babajide Akeredolu. Channels TV 