   Former Deputy National Publicity Secretary of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Timi Frank, says Governors on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC), are currently mounting intense pressure on President Muhammadu Buhari and the Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, to settle the cases over Naira redesign policy out of the Supreme Court. Frank revealed that the AGF has allegedly acceded to the request of the APC and its governors to settle the case out of court. He said the meeting between the leadership of the APC and its governors with Malami was aimed at pressurizing the President and Malami to agree for the out of court settlement request. He said the Governors and the leadership of the APC have succeeded in blackmailing both the President and Malami to consider the reintroduction of the N1,000 and N500 notes before the Presidential and National Assembly elections on Saturday. READ ALSO: Naira Swap: Bank associations pledge availability of cash He insisted that the governors and the leadership of the APC are not working to protect the interest of Nigerians but to be able to deploy their looted funds to compromise the elections through massive vote buying. He urged Buhari to be mindful of his promise to bequeath free, fair and credible elections to Nigerians as his parting legacy, saying any attempt to yield to the antics of the governors and APC’s national leadership would defeat that noble goal. He said the APC and its governors have become increasingly desperate to reverse the Naira redesign policy of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) in order to fraudulently swing the results of the presidential election in favour of their unpopular candidate who cannot win if the elections are free, fair and credible and devoid of monetary inducement of voters. He called on Nigerians to know that if Malami and the Governors withdraw their suits at the Supreme Court tomorrow (Wednesday) to settle out of court, then they should not expect the elections to be credible, free and fair. READ ALSO: Naira crisis: Stop attacking bank workers, TUC pleads According to Frank, who is the United Liberation Movement for West Papua (ULMWP) Ambassador to East Africa and Middle East, part of the tactics of the Governors have been to consistently drum into the ears of Nigerians that Buhari has so far failed in administering Nigeria. He insisted that if there is any need to reconsider the reintroduction of the old N1,000 and N500 notes, it should wait till after the elections. “Nigerians should know that we have only three days to go. Let us bear the pains for the next three days. “Otherwise, the elections would be compromised through massive vote buying by the APC and its governors and the present order of cluelessness and hardship would continue,” he said.   