 Gov. AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq of Kwara on Wednesday inaugurated over 2,000-member Kwara All Progressives Congress Campaign Council (APC) in Ilorin. Inaugurating the council alongside other party leaders at the campaign office in Ilorin, AbdulRazaq said that his administration’s achievements would ease their task across the 193 political wards in the state. “As a government, we have made your job easy because of what we have done in every part of the state. ”We met dilapidated structures across the state in primary health and education, poor infrastructure, and lack of water supply. “We have gone very far to overcome that, above all, we have done exceedingly well across sectors,” he said. He said his administration has stabilised the state and the next few years would be to consolidate on the achievements and position the state for greatness and further empower the people positively, especially young people and women. “The previous governments couldn’t even pay salaries, pensions and gratuities in spite of huge funds that they received. ”Within the last two months, we have paid about N6 billion to clear salary arrears, pensions and gratuities for 2009, 2010 and now 2011. “We will continue to upscale on what we have done in the areas of health, education, agriculture, road infrastructure and social safety net,” he said. The governor congratulated all members of the council for their nomination by the party and charged them to consolidate on the successes recorded in 2019. “You are charged to deliver our party just as you did in 2019. ”The immediate challenge is to deliver Bola Tinubu as the next president of Nigeria, then you must deliver all our senators and House of Representatives members on Feb. 25, 2023. ”You should also deliver all our candidates in the March 12 governorship and House of Assembly elections,” AbdulRazaq charged. The state Chairman of APC, Mr Sunday Fagbemi, also urged members of the council to work assiduously for the victory of the party at all levels in a peaceful and orderly manner. ”We do not want violence in this election, so go about your campaign peacefully. ”We do not believe in violence because our party is not known for that. ”We commend the police for their prompt action, which led to the arrest of a member of the opposition who nearly disrupted our campaign recently in Ilorin,” he said. Speakers at the inauguration included Sen. Sadiq Umar (APC-Kwara North), Sen. Lola Ashiru (APC-Kwara South) and Kwara Central Senatorial district candidate, Malam Saliu Mustapha. Others included House of Representatives candidates Raheem Adewuyi, Yinka Aluko, Mukhtar Sagaya, Dr Ahmed Adamu Saba; Speaker Kwara House of Assembly, Mr Yakubu Salihu; and Director General of the Campaign Council, Alhaji Yahya Seriki. They enjoined members of the council to see their appointments as call to duty and those not on the list to see themselves as part of the project. They assured that the victory of APC would be the continuation of more good things to come to the state and that it is a project that all must work together to win.  Source – NAN 