 Lagos State residents have appealed to the government to introduce Point of Sales (PoS) machines to Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) ticketers to ease the movement for commuters. The residents made the appeal in separate interviews with the News Agency of Nigeria on Thursday in Lagos. The residents complained that ticketers conduct mainly cash transactions to top-up the BRT card, thereby, exposing commuters to high charges by PoS operators amid cash scarcity. NAN reports that naira shortage has plunged many citizens into hardship, while some find it difficult to meet their basic daily needs and financial obligations. Mrs Olayemi Adepeju, a cosmetologist said that PoS machines for ticketers would fast track top-up on BRT cards and enhance the cashless policy. “I tried to top-up my BRT card at the Ikorodu bus terminal but none of the ticketers have a PoS machine, only cash transaction was done. “In the past, this wasn’t an issue as one can easily pay N100 as service charge to PoS operators to withdraw the amount needed. “Now that cash is scarce, the PoS operators charge between N300 and N400 on every N1,000 withdrawn. “A round trip from Ikorodu to CMS cost N1,200, if one includes PoS charges that’s N1,800 or N2,000. This is economically unsustainable,” she said. Similarly, Mr Nnamdi Njoku, a trader, urged the Lagos State Government to create PoS payment points at terminals to make things easy for commuters. Njoku added that transaction receipts should be presented to ticketers to load the equivalent amount. “This will save commuters from stress as the card is used for payment for other modes of transport,” Njoku said. Also, Temitope Ashaolu, an Information Technology analyst, said that payment should be easy, fast, reliable, secure and inclusive to ameliorate pressure on citizens. Ashaolu said that the Cowry card was introduced by the state government to reduce the use of cash payment for transport fare. He said that the card supported the transfer of funds from the Cowry app wallet to the card balance, adding that increasing awareness on this feature would ease pressure and movement of commuters. NAN reports that the Cowry card is used for BRT bus payment, mini bus, ferry service, LAGRIDE and the rail services.  Source – NAN 