  Barely ten days to the general elections, the Campaign Organisation of Hon. George Olawande Adegeye the Federal House of Representatives candidate of Labour Party in Amuwo Odofin Federal constituency, has declared that no amount of campaign of calumny embarked upon by Lanre Sanusi the APC candidate can change the people’s will to vote right. According to a statement signed by the Media and Strategic Communication Bureau Omogeye Campaign Organization on the 14th of February 2023, Lanre Sanusi allegedly mounted a campaign of falsehood and also usurped the constitutional role of the electoral umpire (INEC) by going around different communities in Festac Town to announce that the Labour Party doesn’t have a candidate. The Bureau lamented the poor frame of mind exhibited by a supposed young but clearly befuddled personality-Lanre Sanusi, they counseled that he rather seek legal experts guide on the state of things as it pertains to confirmed and recognized candidates by INEC. The statement read in parts: “Our attention has been drawn to the malicious campaign of Lanre Sanusi about the candidacy of Hon George Olawande Adegeye. “ We ordinarily would have ignored his Ill informed statement knowing very well his stock in trade. But it is expedient we put the record straight in the interest of the innocent public. “Lanre Sanusi has chosen today to go around different communities in Festac Town to announce that the Labour Party doesn’t have a candidate. We are at a loss to how he came to that conclusion with such a fallacious statement. “When did Lanre Sanusi become the INEC or its mouthpiece? An aspiring Lawmaker who is bereft of common legal knowledge. “All Labour Party National Assembly Candidates in Lagos State got their candidacies legitimized through the judgement of the Court of Appeal and Supreme Court. These judgments have not been appealed and can never be by INEC. ALSO READ: Wike seeks court’s protection against expulsion from PDP “It is imperative for him to get a legal expert within his party to interpret the judgement of the Court of Appeal in Abuja of 18th November 2022.
“The judgement expressly stated that INEC should either upload the names of National Assembly Candidates in Lagos State manually or electronically.
“All their names and including other candidates across the country have been manually uploaded in the attached PDF file. The Labour Party Candidate, Hon George Olawande can be seen in Page 19. “Lanre keeps exhibiting his ignorance without caution and further exposes the evils placed in and around All Progressives Congress in Lagos State.
“ It is unfortunate that the All Progressives Congress amongst it’s plethora of Aspirants finally presented a failed American returnee, Lanre Sanusi as its Candidate. A young man with very weak moral values, uncontrolled horsewhip and without any known enterprise. “It is in Lanre’s interest to faithfully accept that the people’s preference in Amuwo Odofin Federal Constituency remains Hon George Olawande Adegeye of the Labour Party. He lacks the intelligence to mislead the people with false information. “He is only desperate for nothing because the good people of Amuwo Odofin Federal Constituency will come out enmasse on the 25th February 2023 to vote Peter Obi as President and Hon George Olawande Adegeye (Omogeye) as the Representative for Amuwo Odofin Federal Constituency. “The time is now for Hon George Olawande Adegeye (Omogeye) to take over the leadership of Amuwo Odofin Federal Constituency in pursuit of the people’s interest.”  