  Rt. Hon. Mudashiru Obasa,the Speaker of Lavos State House of Assembly has delivered his polling unit for Tinubu as APC won the booth convincingly in a very peaceful atmosphere. Obasa who cast his vote at exactly 10:56am note that the APC will carry the day owing to the matured polity enjoyed by the electorates in Agege. Obasa, who represents Agege Constituency 1 at the Lagos Assembly, earlier predicted the result just after voting at his Unit 019, Ward E, Oluwole Olaniyan Street, Agege, expressing hope that his party, the All Progressives Congress, APC, would be victorious at the end of the exercise. At the end of the voting exercise APC polled 44 votes while PDP polled 2, while Labour Party polled 17 votes in the presidential election. In the National Assembly elections, for Senatorial APC polled 47, while PDP got 13 votes and Labour Party had no vote. For the House of Reps, APC had 46 votes, while PDP polled 7 votes and Labour Party polled 11 votes. Obasa said: “So far, so good, everything is going smoothly. Everything is going well,” he said just as he further expressed optimism that more of the electorate would come out to vote before the close of the exercise. He said he did not have issues with BVAS used by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), but said it was too early to give an overall assessment of the process since the election was still ongoing. “Our concern is not just about winning but we want massive turnout. We want the votes to be in excess. “We still have time and we are hopeful that more people would turn out at the various polling units. “Our people have matured and democracy is growing stronger,” he said while advising citizens of the country to be calm and law-abiding. The Speaker commended the people of Agege for their consistency and constant support. Meanwhile, Dr. Joe Okey-Odumakin, who led a team of election observers to the Speaker’s polling unit, confirmed that Lagos had been peaceful and that the security agencies have displayed high level of professionalism. She also commended politicians in the State for playing true to the game. “We have not seen any evidence of vote buying. The party agents are away from the booths. So people are free to vote. “People are enthusiastic to vote and there has been massive turnout,” she said.  