   The Peoples Democratic Party’s Senatorial Candidate for Lagos West, Deacon Segun Adewale has reiterated his resolve to use the instrumentality of the legislature to ensure the business interests of Igbo’s resident in Lagos State are well protected, if elected Senator at  the general election slated to hold 25th of February. Adewale who was installed Anya Ndigbo 1 by the Lagos Association of Ndigbos some months back disclosed his plans while on a courtesy call to the Palace of the Eze Ndigbo of Lagos State HRM.Eze Hyacinth N. OHAZULUIKE (OON) (EZE MKPUME II) in Ifako-Ijaiye on Thursday 2nd of February 2023. The PDP Senatorial candidate Adewale in a statement signed by Segun Adewale Campaign Organization (SACO) Head Media and Communications Mr. Adeleke Ogunsanya  cited the deprivation of the Igbo people in the state, as it affects the deserving premiums which ordinarily should accrue to them given  their various industrious contributions to the Lagos economy. According to him the Igbos have suffered discrimination from the state government in different sectors of the state. “The Igbos need adequate representation, they need laws that will protect their interest in Lagos state. “ The Igbos contribute so much to the economy both locally and in the diaspora, they are a major ethnic group that makes up the economy of Lagos state and they can’t and must not be pushed around.” “ The agenda for the Igbos to become appreciated for their contribution to the state rather than be oppressed has started,” Deacon Segun Adewale Promised.Adewale also used the avenue to restate his seven point agenda in relation to the inherent benefits for the Igbo community in Lagos State. ALSO READ: Gov. Wike donates N70million to families of three slain police officers Enumerating the seven point agenda, Adewale said that : “As a Senator, I will sponsor a bill that will ease the importation, clearing and transportation of goods from the ports. “I will sponsor a bill that will stop Agberos from collecting unlawful tax on containers in Lagos state. “ I will stand and speak for the Igbo Community against state oppression.  “ I promise to adequately represent every Igbo Indigene in Lagos. “I will sponsor a bill to stop the discrimination against the Igbo people in various sectors in Lagos. “I will provide free-interest loans to all members of the Ndi-Igbo community through their market unions. “ I will protect the right and Interests of the Igbo community including their properties.” Responding to the Senatorial hopeful’s huge plans for the Igbo community if elected, the Ifako Ijaiye chapter of the community appreciated the graceful mien of the candidate, while calling on other members of their community to mop up strength and rally round the eyes of Ndigbo in Lagos to win the seat. Adding in a form of  counsel to  their members in the Labour party and other parties to accord Adewale their unflinching support, given the fact that labour party does not have a senatorial candidate in Lagos West . Adewale however, promised to remain devoted to the Igbo community as its Anya Ndigbo, stating clearly that his seven-point agenda is a developmental blueprint that can ensure a socio-economic turnaround of the Igbo community in Lagos state.  