  Two days after the conduct of senatorial election, Deacon Segun Adewale (Aeroland) has raised red flag on the refusal of the Independent National Electoral Commission to declare the Lagos West Senatorial District result because allegedly won with a landslide margin. Adewale who spoke to newsmen about the turn of event, noted that the development reaffirmed his stance ever since that the ruling parties stock in trade had been rigging all the time seeing that they can never win a free and fairly conducted election. “ I am an individual trying to make a difference with my personal resources, it is however quite frustrating to note that you will defeat them at first ballot and they will go behind and start falsifying results. “In state where you are the ruling party, with the House of Reps, senate, councilors well over 300, and over 50 council chairmen,still they can not win an election, every four years they rig elections. This will be the last time they will do it, any one of them, they can’t take this victory from me, I have won the people gave me the mandate. I can’t let this mandate go, it’s going to be a shame. I am representing the people who voted me en masse. Even in their much-acclaimed seat of power -Alimosho I trounced them, as well as in my ward.
Imagine they had the resources and power and they can’t even win an election. The people have rejected them. If not why will the results for Senate not be announced since Saturday till Monday, when that of Presidential and Reps had been declared? Adewale retorted. At LGA collation centre at Ikotun in Alimosho, PDP electoral officials were making frantic effort to state an anomaly they spotted in the process while demanding for outright cancellation of result of about 18 polling units where discrepancies and manipulative moves was spotted. Akindele Ojo JP PDP Southwest Administrative secretary and party’s chieftain in Alimosho noted that INEC allegedly acted in a complicit manner, for having compromised the credibility of the process.. INEC has been responsible for many shenanigans here, they aided and abetted sharp moves , it should not be allowed because we still have another election in two weeks from now and this will set a negative template. The PDP Returning Officer in Alimosho LGA Hon. Lukman Akindele also corroborated the points, adding that Polling units results were moved to the LGA for collation instead of it been done at the ward level so as to subvert the people’s will. He demanded that having spotted lots of manipulations at the ward level which amounts to over voting in some places, no chance was given to compare results to weed out the grey areas and such will not get their signature if imputed in the final result. “The results from the polling units does not tally with that they are trying to input in the final result sheet here at the LGA, the contradiction is what we have been trying to resolve through mere comparison of the one in our hands obtained at the ward level an the one they have. “Their refusal to show that to us affirms our initial observations that the results they have has been doctored, having seen that we won convincingly at the polling units, wards down to the LGA. Ajiga Idowu the LG Publicity Secretary was quick to add that, “out of 1545 polling units result expected 18 from ward 8 was not submitted by the INEC presiding officer in charge of the axis, there is gross over voting, that affords enough grounds for cancellation.”  