Lives are being transformed by God’s Spirit as the President, Loveworld Incorporated (also known as Christ Embassy), Pastor Chris Oyakhilome unleashes God’s blessings upon participants in the ongoing Your Loveworld Praise-a-thon at the Christ Embassy Loveworld Arena, Lekki, Lagos Island. The Man of God who is joined by Pastor Benny Hinn, Dr. John Avancini, Bishop James Payne, Bishop Clarence McLendon, Dr. Mike Smalley, Pastor Dan Willis, among other anointed Ministers of the Gospel has been sharing the word of God with the demonstration of God’s great power. Quoting copiously from the Holy Scriptures Pastor Chris said: “When you pray for righteousness, what God does is to fill the hands of the people with finances because that’s how God advances the cause of righteousness.” Adding, “It’s his joy to get blessings into your hands. It’s his joy to get money into your hands.” “This week is a distribution of grace! God knows exactly what to do. He knows how to arrange your day, your week, your year. It’s a special arrangement into divine favour,” Pastor Chris said while declaring the programme open. Reading specifically from Acts 20:32, the Man of God who is the author of the world most read, most translated and most circulated daily devotional Rhapsody of Realities said: “As the ministers of the Gospel minister the word, they administer grace into your spirit. There’s something that the word of God does for you: it builds you.” “I’m being built up by the Word! I’m getting greater by the day through the ministry of the Holy Spirit! He further admonished the congregation on the benefits of giving in the House of God. According to him, “when you’ve been a giver in God’s house, Satan marks you, as angels also mark you. Satan marks you for destruction, while Angels mark you for blessings.” God’s people will always have, will always live in abundance and will always have more than enough because they are Children of God. And the blessings are coming to them from everywhere because they are blessed! He declared: “I live a blessed life, and I am the seed of Abraham.” The meeting which began on Monday and is holding simultaneously in three venues (Houston Texas, Ikeja and Lekki) concludes in the Christ Embassy Loveworld Arena Lekki venue on Wednesday February 15, 2023 by 6pm, will continue at the Loveworld Convocation Arena, Billingsway, Ikeja, Lagos  from Thursday February 16 to Saturday 18.