  The report reaching National Daily reveals that Chelsea have held an emergency meeting with head coach Graham Potter amid the team’s disastrous run of form. The 47-year-old Chelsea boss only arrived at Stamford Bridge in September but has been under immense pressure in recent weeks with the Blues massively struggling in all competitions despite spending over £600m on players since the summer. The west London club have picked up just one win in their last 10 games and suffered a new low point on Saturday with a Premier League defeat at home to 20th-placed Southampton. That result has since retained Chelsea as 10th in the table and 11 points off the top four. Chelsea also had suffered early exits from the Carabao Cup and FA Cup, but are still in the Champions League where they lost their first-leg tie last week to Borussia Dortmund in the last 16. National Daily gathered from the report by the Evening Standard that the undesirable development at Chelsea has no doubt led to co-owners Todd Boehly and Behdad Eghbali who have repeatedly backed Potter calling an emergency meeting on Tuesday with the Englishman. National Daily understands that Boehly and Eghbali were keen to know how Potter plans to turn Chelsea’s fortunes around and it is however understood that the Englishman’s job is safe for now. Meanwhile, many like former Premier League striker Gabriel Agbonlahor had urged Chelsea to sack Potter especially owing to his post-match comments after Saturday’s disastrous home defeat to Southampton. Potter speaking after the game had said: ‘You have to see it for what it is. We had to make some changes because of the Champions League. ‘We’ve had to make some changes because of the situation we’re in and boys coming back from injury. ‘When you make those changes, it can be difficult against a team that is well prepared.’ The remarks have left Agbonlahor absolutely furious as he told talkSPORT: ‘He should be sacked for that post-match interview. ‘What are you talking about? They haven’t got a manager, you’re playing a team in disarray who can’t get back-to-back wins together. ‘You’re complaining that you’ve had to bring Mykhailo Mudryk off the bench and start Joao Felix? Are you joking me? ‘Poor Graham! Poor you, Graham… Wow… I think as well… There is an English bias.’ 