 Some Nigerians across the country are returning to their various states to cast their votes ahead of the Presidential/National Assembly election slated for Feb. 25. The News Agency of Nigeria correspondent, who monitored some parks within the Abuja city centre observed that the parks were very busy with passengers trying to board vehicles to different locations in the country. Mr Francis Ukeme, a commercial driver at the Gwagwalada park, told NAN that the roads have been so busy with people travelling home in spite of the cash crisis. Ukeme said that he conveyed passengers going to Abaji-Lokoja axis more than four times per day. Speaking on the cashless problem, he said they were managing the situation as some of the passengers transferred the fare to his account. “I’m surprised at the rate in which people are travelling this period in spite of the cash crisis. Someone will even think that there is a celebration ongoing. “You know that for the presidential/NASS elections, people will like to go home to elect their representatives,” Ukeme said. Mr Ebuka Okoye, a businessman, said that he was going home to vote because that was where he registered for the elections. “There is no way I will stay here during the elections because we’re not only going to vote for the president but also the National Assembly representatives. “So, I want to do my part by electing the candidate of my choice and definitely not outside my village and or state,” Okoye said. Meanwhile, at the Jabi Park, very few passengers were seen trying to board vehicles. A passenger, Miss Jumai Adams, who was sighted boarding a vehicle to Kaduna, said that aside going to exercise her civic right, she wanted to go and see her aged parents. “I have always travelled to Kaduna during elections because that is where I did my registration and this year cannot be different. “Every Nigerian youth is determined to vote this time around for the candidates of their choice and we believe our vote will count by God’s grace. “Also, my parents live in Kaduna and they are always very excited to see their children. So, I want to also use the opportunity to go and put a smile on their faces,” Adams said. Another passenger, Mr John Danjuma, said that even if it meant trekking to Kaduna, nothing would stop him from going to cast his vote. “Things have been very difficult these past weeks and many of us have been living from hand to mouth. “I have been saving up to ensure I have transportation fare to the village to vote and thank God I am able to make the trip today. “We need a positive change in government this time and that cannot be achieved if we don’t go out enmasse and vote for the right candidate,” Danjuma said. A driver, Baba Hassan, said there had been influx of passengers since Wednesday in spite of the cash crunch in the country. “I am happy that people are travelling now, even though the number is not as we expected. We managed to get fuel but with few passengers. “Before this week, most of us drivers could barely provide for our families because people were not travelling. No money. “I believe that by tomorrow, more people will travel and that will mean more income for us. But in all, God has been faithful and we praise him,” Hassan said. NAN observed that some Nigerians living abroad are returning home to cast their votes as well. According to a report, international airports are currently busy with Nigerians abroad coming home to vote.  Source – NAN 