 By Odimmegwa Johnpeter/Abuja As the 2023 general elections approach, the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) has deployed over 200,000 corps members as INEC adhoc staff on election duties Nationwide.
This even as the Scheme assured corps members, who are usually engaged as ad hoc staff for election duties, of their safety and better welfare. Director General of the Scheme, Brig. Gen. Yusha’u Ahmed gave the assurance on Tuesday in Abuja when he addressed journalists on the Scheme’s readiness for the 2023 General election. He expressed that over 200,000 corps members had been trained, presented and mobilized for the 2023 elections, saying that with all the training, corps members were ready to discharge their duties responsibly. “As we all know, NYSC collaboration with INEC Began in 2011 and corps members have done extremely well in the previous elections, they have sacrificed their time, energy and we are proud of them. “I can assure Nigerians that NYSC is ready to do it again, we spoke with them, and we have encouraged them, they are ready to give their best again. Speaking on the security and welfare of the participating corps members, Ahmed noted that the scheme had been discussed with the Independent Electoral Commission (INEC) and security agencies and they have assured the scheme that everything had been put in place to ensure the security and general welfare of the corps members. “We have meet with Nigerian Police, DSS, Civil defense, all others security agencies, all hands are on deck to ensure corps members life are secure “We are committed to making adequate provision for security and general welfare with the policy thrust of my administration. The DG however, warned all the corps member not to compromise in the discharge of their duty, “I want to inform them today that NYSC don’t belong to any political party, don’t accept or collect any gifts from politicians, don’t collect any gratification from any quarters go there and perform you duty without any favour. “We also told them to abide by the INEC rule and regulation, we told them that they are not security officer” When asked if there is punishment for any corps members that compromise? DG replied: “if any of them compromise the law of the land will take its due course.” He enjoined the corps members to be security conscious at all times and avoid acts that can endanger their lives such as staying out late, attending night parties, visitation of dangerous places and acceptance of car rides and gifts from strangers. The NYSC Boss also said that no corps members will be deployed to any security challenges area in the country.  