   The management of Chrisland schools has reacted to the death of one of their students, Whitney Adeniran, who died during the annual school’s inter-house sports activities at Agege Stadium, Lagos State, on Thursday. The deceased father, Michael Adeniran, made an appeal on social media, Saturday night to demand a probe into the death of his daughter, calling on the Lagos state government and the police to intervene in the matter. Reacting on Sunday, the management of the school, in a statement on Sunday, said the deceased slumped in public view and not under any hidden circumstances and was rushed to the hospital immediately. The statement read: “The management and staff of Chrisland Schools Limited, with a deep sense of loss, announce the death of our precious student, Whitney Adeniran; whose painful exit occurred on Thursday, February 9th, 2023. READ ALSO: Chrisland Girl: Journalist arraigned for sharing 10-year-old’s video “We are heartbroken and distressed. Whitney was one of our Day students who opted not to participate in the inter-house sports match past for reasons we were not very sure of. “However, on discretion, we respected her decision to err on the side of caution, because on January 20, 2023, it is in our records that she had complained about a not-too-buoyant health and we immediately contacted her parents. “Her father, Mr. Michael Adeniran, came to the school to take her home. We emphasised to her parents to take a critical look at her. “Our immediate response was to take advantage of proximity to first-aid, by identifying the nearest medical facility to take her to, where the doctor on duty, administered oxygen and every aid possible on her. “We immediately notified regulatory stakeholders and agencies to allow for a comprehensive evaluation and assessment of the developments. “In spite of the compelling imperatives to fill any information gaps in public space, we stopped short of making any media sensation out of this, because the deceased in question, was a minor and is deserving of our unqualified respect. “We also prioritised respect to the privacy of the family and were with them consistently, to mourn together. This is a painful loss for all of us. “As we continue to uphold the sobriety of this moment, we resist any urge to join issues on her treasured memory, in media trends. “As we await the outcome of an independent post-mortem process, we remain unwaveringly committed to supporting the family at this critical moment and pray fervently for the fortitude to bear her painful loss.” 