    Manchester United on Sunday recorded  a 2-0 victory at Elland Road to win their consecutive league games at Elland Road for the first time since October 1976. Reflecting on the game, United captain Harry Maguire had disclosed that it is a ‘pleasure’ to play with Manchester United team-mate David de Gea after the duo kept a clean sheet in the win over Leeds. United goalie De Gea making his 400th Premier League appearance in the match – with only Ryan Giggs (632) and Paul Scholes (499) having played more games for United in the competition was in an astounding form with series of world class saves.  National Daily can confirm that the 32-year-old Spaniard is now the youngest goalkeeper in Premier League history to register 400 appearances and also equalled Peter Schmeichel’s record of 178 clean sheets across all competitions. And after the victory at Leeds, the Red Devils captain had taken time to laud De Gea. Maguire speaking to Sky Sports maintained: ‘To play 400 games for this club in the most scrutinised position in world football, that just shows how good he’s been over the years for the club. ‘He’s a legend and is performing at the highest level this season and he’ll keep doing that. It’s a pleasure to play in front of him.’ Ten Hag handed Maguire a start in Sunday’s clash and the England international centre-back also opened up about his lack of game time this season. ‘I’m the captain of the team and I put the team miles before myself,’ Maguire added. ‘Whether I’m playing or not I want the team to be successful. ‘I’m still playing my part, still coming on in games, still getting my minutes but every footballer wants to start games. ‘It’s disappointing but all you can do is train well and make sure you a ready when the chance comes. ‘There are lots of players who aren’t playing as well. We have four international centre-backs at this club and there is always going to be two unhappy – that’s how it is. I’ll keep fighting, working hard and be ready when called upon.’ 