By Sophiya Ariba This post is for my sisters who want to get married .. Ladies!
The way God blessed us we literally can get anything or anyone we want. We have grace and charm and beauty that none but a woman can give. Here are a few tips I gathered. Please, my senior ladies, be free to can add more. 1. Focus on what God Said about you.
When you look in the mirror, what do you see? Do you see what people have told you? What you have told yourself or what God says? Do you even know what God says about you? You better focus on what God has said, know it and say it to yourself daily! 2. Become valuable.
Have a purpose and stick to it. In your purpose make sure you have a time of service where you serve inconveniently. Contrary situations teach you things that no teacher in a classroom can teach you .
3. Be kind.
Love genuinely and quickly admit to errors but never let a mistake define you! Be good. 4. Have inner confidence and contentment in being yourself.
Know your value and feel free to express it. Be quick to learn from more knowledgeable people and add to your value. 5. Stay away from insecurity and jealousy.
You can be anything you want to be. Another lady’s success does not mean you have failed. . Stick to your lane. 6. Take efforts to embrace yourself.
Embrace your looks… Flaunt them with grace but don’t be immodest lest you invite the wrong people. Always look good and smell good. 7. Prioritize your spiritual walk
If you are all these and you don’t pray or know the Word , or involved in church , you’ll be at a disadvantage. Virtuous women are used by the Holy Ghost to build communities, societies, and nations. So, my sister, you should be prayerful, be committed in church like never before, and study your Bible. If you have these traits. When you enter a room, you will have a long-lasting impression. And if a king meets you, it’s one way, he must have you in his kingdom. I LOVE YOU #DSA
1 Peter 3:3-4 KJV- Whose adorning let it not be that outward adorning of plaiting the hair, and of wearing of gold, or of putting on of apparel; But let it be the hidden man of the heart, in that which is not corruptible, even the ornament of a meek and quiet spirit, which is in the sight of God of great price. #Singlezlistenup #LoveatFirstFlight
#loveatfirstflightblogs