  By Odimmegwa Johnpeter/Abuja The Management of National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) has debunked a misleading information trending online that Corps Members have been withdrawn from participating as adhoc officers in three Local Government Areas of Imo State during tomorrow’s Presidential and National Assembly elections noting that the existing Memorandum of Understanding between NYSC and INEC on a seamless conduct of elections in Nigeria is still on course. This was contained in a statement signed by Eddy Megwa fnipr, Director, Press and Public Relations. The statement reads in part: “The attention of the Management of National Youth Service Corps has been drawn to a misleading information trending online that Corps Members have been withdrawn from participating as adhoc officers in three Local Government Areas of Imo State during tomorrow’s Presidential and National Assembly elections. “For the avoidance of doubt, the existing Memorandum of Understanding between NYSC and INEC on a seamless conduct of elections in Nigeria is still on course. “NYSC Scheme is in total support of the conduct of free, fair and credible elections in the country. All the trained Corps Members in every State of the federation are set for the general elections. “The management of the Scheme want to state categorically that Corps Members are not withdrawn from participating in the elections in some Local Government Areas in Imo State, rather, we are against posting Corps Members to areas we consider not safe for them owing to insecurity. ALSO READ: Danjuma, Lekwot, others endorse Peter Obi “Before now, there are some Local Government Areas in Imo State considered as flash points and therefore, the Scheme cannot allow Corps Members to serve in such areas during the general elections. “Prior to the 2023 general elections, the Scheme reached out to all Stakeholders to provide enabling environment for the Corps Members to effectively contribute their quota during the general elections, and as such, would not endanger the lives of any of our Corps Members. “Consequently, Corps Members cannot be posted to such flash points to serve as INEC ad hoc staff. We have clearly made our position known to the REC in Imo State. “Members of the public are hereby enjoined to disregard the misleading and baseless online information meant to undermine the integrity and image of the Scheme”, he added.  