   Aside from the physical attacks experienced by the public, Nigerian banks’ growth prospects have come under threat following vows by state governments to revoke their licenses over the scarcity of naira notes. Coupled with the threat from Association of Senior Staff of Banks, Insurance, and Financial Institutions (ASSBIFI) to shut down banks’ operations in the country over incessant attacks on staff and infrastructures, many investors may exit their investment or shun the banks in the equity market. It was gathered that investors’ confidence is wearing thin, resulting in the Banking Index slumping by –1.34 percent in the Nigerian capital market. Last week, the Banking Index dipped by 6.05 basis points to close at 446.97 basis points, having opened the week with 453.02 points, and may get worse this week if ASSBIFI carries out its threat. This showed that equity investors had shunned bank stocks for other investable assets in the capital market or reduced their demands for bank stocks. Consequently, the capital market’s Banking Index fell by –1.34 per cent, depreciating faster than the All-Share Index which dipped by –0.96 percent from 54,327.30 to 53,804.46. READ ALSO: Buhari urges calm over naira swap, drums support for Tinubu Fidelity Bank was the biggest loser during the week under review as shareholders lost -14.70 percent of their investment in the firm to investors’ snub. As a result, Fidelity Bank’s share plummeted to N4.76kobo after trading closed on Friday. The lender had closed the previous Friday with N5.58kobo per share. FCMB joined the list as a 6.96 percent value was wiped off shareholders’ investments in five days due to investors’ apathy. This dragged down FCMB’s share value from N4.60kobo to N4.28kobo during the period. Zenith Bank was not left out as its shareholders’ investment value fell by –1.96 percent during the week. The lender ended the week at N25 per share, below the previous N25.5 kobo per share. Sterling Bank which was accused of hoarding the new Naira notes reported that its shareholders’ investment value dropped by –1.29 percent. According to trading data, Sterling Bank’s share value dipped from N1.55 kobo to N1.53 kobo per share due to low interest in the firm on Friday. READ ALSO: Naira crunch: Nigerians urge banks to dispense N100, N50 bills UBA completed the list as its shareholders went home with –a 0.59 percent loss in their equity investment in the bank. This was reflected in UBA’s share as low demand led to the firm’s share selling at N8.35kobo at the close of trading on Friday, below the N10.55kobo per share reported last week. In a chat with an analyst at Cowry Asset Management Limited, Charles Abuede, he said while the attacks might be an indicator of what is to come due to the impact of the attacks on operations, investors’ confidence in banks would pick up in the coming weeks. “We do not see the confidence of investors waning due to the recent unrest on banks and their assets. However, the violent act seen so far is likely to have an impact on banking operations and margins. “Just this week, only the banking index was down almost 2 percent week-on-week as investors reacted to the attacks as well as the recently released macroeconomic data (inflation). “This is an upshot from the attendant effect of the policy effect of the CBN and still translates to the existence of a weak transmission mechanism of the apex bank which has left many in fear.  