 Manchester United are gradually regaining their winning instincts especially after ending their six years wait for a piece of silverware at Old Trafford following their victory over Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday. And some factors have been attributed to the turn of fortune at United with the Red Devils play-maker Bruno Fernandes opining that the arrival of top-quality players like Casemiro and Lisandro Martinez have forced team-mates to up their games. National Daily can confirm that Erik ten Hag has since overseen a vast improvement at Old Trafford this season, with United still in contention for the remaining trophies that were available at the start of the season after capturing the Carabao Cup. While the Dutchman’s leadership and tactical tweaks have made a difference, the recruitment over the summer has also had a big impact. United spent big money to bring in Casemiro, Martinez, Anthony, Tyrell Malacia and Christian Eriksen and Fernandes believes their presence has helped drive up standards. “When someone comes in, he always brings something new, he brings something different because all the players are different,” he told Sky Sports. “I think with the two players that you mentioned (Casemiro and Martinez), they brought a good mentality, a good quality. “Obviously I think Christian [Eriksen] was also playing really well, but I think a part of the ones that came in is also about the ones that step forward and did a step to understand that we are not reaching our levels yet. So we can do much better. “I think everyone this season is being much better than we were last season, starting with me. I think everyone is being pretty much more confident, more performing wise, more consistent and doing what is needed for the team to win. “The intensity he wants, the runs he wants, the idea of football he wants. I think he brought the people he understood that will fit in his ideas and I think everyone is fitting really well.” Casemiro joined United in a £60million move from Real Madrid, where he won five Champions League titles. The Brazil international is a hugely experienced player and his presence at the base of midfield has made a huge impact this season.