    It is definitely a strong relief at Old Trafford as Manchester United winger Alejandro Garnacho is ready to end speculation surrounding his long-term future at the club. National Daily learnt from available reports that the winger is finally putting pen to paper on a new contract. It was understood that United have been in talks with the teenager’s representatives for months following his breakout start to the season under Erik ten Hag, with the wonderkid already racked up 20 appearances in all competitions. Garnacho’s current contract sees him take home around £5,000 per week and it is due to expire in the summer of 2024, with United keen to tie down the youngster. The Red Devils are certainly relieved with the new development considering the fact that the likes of Real Madrid and Juventus were rumoured to be keeping a very close eye on the situation. Though National Daily understands that United are now close to reaching a full agreement, but have just one issue still outstanding. According to AS, Garnacho has agreed a bumper new deal that will keep him at the club until 2028 , though the distribution of image rights is still being discussed. Both parties are confident that can be resolved in a matter of days, with Garnacho then signing his new contract and an official announcement following soon after. United are believed to have offered Garnacho a sizeable deal, breaking away from their previous custom of not handing out big salaries to young players. The Red Devils believe they have a potentially world-class player on their hands and did not want to lose him – least of all on a free transfer in 18 months’ time – and were conscious of the likes of Real Madrid and Juve lurking. United’s opening offer is believed to have been worth around £20,000 per week – quadruple his current salary – but Garnacho’s camp asked for closer to the £50,000-a-week mark. Ten Hag has shown no hesitation in throwing Garnacho into the first-team squad and is a big fan of the Spanish-born Argentine, though says he still has a lot of work to do to keep getting even better. ‘He’s learnt in the last months about how to play in a team, how to live, how to do the right things in the week, how to have the right attitude on the training ground and you see how he’s acting as a team player and with his individual skills that can make the difference,’ said the Dutch coach last month. ‘Also for him it’s to keep going in the process. It’s not done. There is a lot to come. There is a lot of room for improvement with him but he can help, he can contribute on the highest level already and I’m really happy.’ 