President Muhammadu Buhari, at the 36th and 37th  Convocation of Bayero University, Kano, inaugurated the Oba of Benin, HRM Ewuare II, as the 4th Chancellor of Bayero University, Kano, Kano State. President Buhari, represented at the convocation by Prof Abubakar Rasheed,  Executive Secretary of the National Universities Commission (NUC), where  16,581 students graduated in different degrees, emphasised that  the university is fortunate  to have the seasoned Diplomat as  Chancellor, noting that the Oba will deploy his wealth of experience in performing his duties. The President congratulated the Oba on the double honour of being appointed Chancellor and also receiving Doctor of Law degree (Honoris Causa) from the University, in, successive order.  He stated Buhari  that the royal father is worthy of his calling, adding that the 46-year-old University will attain greater heights in the years to come. The visitor to the University promised to provide a perimeter fence in the University, urging  Governor Abdullahi Ganduje of  Kano State to resolve  the conflict between neighbouring communities and the University over land encroachment. The President had declared: “I officially congratulate His Royal Majesty, Omo N’Oba N’Edo, Uku Akpolokpolo, Ewuare II, the Oba of Benin, CRF for your well-deserved appointment as Chancellor of Bayero University. “There is no doubt that Bayero University is indeed lucky to have the Oba as its Chancellor. He (Oba Ewuare II) is a man of great experience and a seasoned Diplomat.” Oba Ewuare expressed his commitment to encourage teaching, learning and research in the university. He promised to focus on attracting interventions to improve the fortunes of the university  through the collaboration for global competitiveness. “Our resolve is to continue to do things that will take us to greater heights as we continue to leverage on the achievements made by our predecessors and its Management team, we will also take stock,” the Oba of Benin said. The Vice Chancellor of Bayero University, Prof Sagir Adamu Abbas, and the Pro-Chancellor of the University, Senator Udo Udoma, highlighted the prospects, challenges and breakthroughs that have been recorded by the institution.