  There is likely indication that Arsenal may return for a raid on their London rivals Chelsea in the summer. National Daily can confirm that the Blues will be out to counterbalance their massive spending spree and will be expected to offload a host of players in the summer. Meanwhile, reports reaching National Daily suggest that Arsenal are considering swooping in on Chelsea yet again. National Daily had previously reported that the west London club spent over £250million in January, bringing in nine new faces in a mix of big-money buys, young recruits and a mammoth loan deal for Atletico Madrid’s Joao Felix. In total, Chelsea’s spending under their new owners has now crossed the £500m mark and one of their big focuses in the summer will be recouping funds to comply with Financial Fair Play. The only significant fee they received in January was from Arsenal, with the Gunners agreeing a cut-price £12m deal for Jorginho – who only had six months left on his contract. According to The Guardian, Chelsea intend to be ‘ruthless’ in trimming their squad and offloading players in the summer and Arsenal are one of several teams ready to try and nab a bargain. The table-topping Gunners have their eye on Callum Hudson-Odoi, who is unlikely to remain at Stamford Bridge when he returns from his loan at Bayer Leverkusen at the end of the season. Hudson-Odoi is an attractive proposition given that he is homegrown and was once one of the highest-rated youngers in the Premier League. However, a loan move to the Bundesliga has failed to reignite his form so far, with the 22-year-old registering just one assist and no goals in 11 league outings – though he did get on the scoresheet in the Champions League. Arsenal are tracking Hudson-Odoi’s performances for Leverkusen ahead of a potential move, while other clubs are also keeping tabs on his possible availability. In addition to offloading the winger, Chelsea are understood to be ready to listen to offers for Hakim Ziyech whose move to PSG collapsed after a paperwork blunder, Christian Pulisic and Mateo Kovacic. The Blues are also believed to be keen to offload both Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Kalidou Koulibaly despite only signing the pair last summer, with axed boss Thomas Tuchel believed to have been central to their recruitment. Ideally Chelsea would like to get a transfer fee for Romelu Lukaku or at the very least loan him to Inter for another season while Conor Gallagher and Ben Chilwell could also be offloaded. 