 The Police Command in Osun has announced the arrest of a fake DSS officer, seven suspected kidnappers and three others for armed robbery. SP Yemisi Opalola, the command’s spokesperson, told newsmen on Tuesday in Osogbo that the suspects were arrested in various operations in the state. Opalola gave the name of suspected fake official of the Department of State Service (DSS), as Olaleye Oluseyi, 46. She said that the suspect was allegedly collecting money from people on the pretext of securing jobs for them in the DSS The command’s spokesperson added that Oluseyi was arrested on Jan. 15, following intelligence report that he was parading himself as DSS officer and duping people. “Operatives from the command surveillance unit immediately swung into action, arrested the suspect and he confessed to have duped one Taiwo Victor of the sum of N112,000, on the pretext of securing a DSS job for him. “When he was arrested, a face cap with the inscription of the Federal Road Safety Corps was also found in his possession.” she said. Opalola also said a 23-year-old female and two others were arrested for conspiracy and armed robbery. She said that two of the suspects came to Osogbo from Lagos on Jan. 28, and lodged into a hotel with the aid of the female suspect. The spokesman added that the three spied on their unsuspecting victims and robbed 20 students of Federal Polytechnic Ede in their hostels. Opalola said they dispossessed their victims of 30 different brands of cell phones worth millions of Naira. She added that one Ojo Olowookere, 30, was also arrested on Feb. 6, at about 12.00p.m, for attempting to steal a Bajaj motorcycle at Omowumi street, Fakunle Area, Osogbo. The police spokesperson disclosed that seven suspects who took part in kidnapping incidents in Ileogbo town, Iwo Local Government Area, and Kobongbogboe, Otaefun Area of Osogbo in January, had been arrested. She said all the suspects would be charged to court after the completion of investigation.  Source – NAN 