The Inspector General of Police, Usman Alkali Baba, at a media briefing organised by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) at the National Collation Centre, Abuja,  on Friday disclosed the deployment of 425,106 security operatives to monitor and ensure human and material safety during the presidential and National Assembly elections on Saturday. The IGP emphasised that deployment excluded officers of the Nigerian Armed Forces, indicating that the number of security personnel is increased when the Army, Airforce and Navy are added. The IGP highlighted that the security personnel were deployed from the Nigeria Police, Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC), National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), Nigerian Correctional Service, Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) and the Nigeria Immigration Service. He clarified that the Nigeria Police will provide greater number of operatives of 310,973, while the other paramilitary agencies would provide the rest. According to the IG of Police, “425,106 and I have said it agency by agency. “In the Police, we have 310,973, Nigeria Security and Civil Defence – 51,000; Federal Road Safety Corps – 21,000; Nigerian Correctional Service – 11,336; National Drug Law Enforcement Agency – 9,447; Economic and Financial Crimes Commission – 350; Nigeria Immigration Service – 21,000.” The officers of the Department of Security Service (DSS) were also excluded from the IGP’s figure. IGP Usman Baba also said that Very Important Personalities (VIPs) should not move along with the orderlies attached to them on election day, saying the orderlies would be withdrawn during the elections. The IGP stated: “Just like in any other election, we expect our VIPs to drop their bodyguards/orderlies that are armed in escorting them to the polling stations. “Even if they escort them, they should stop or stay at a distance so that the person can cast his votes and leave with his aides. “We do not expect our men in the polling units. We have told our officers to comply. Those of them with the VIPs have also been communicated through our medium of communication.”