  By Kingsley Chukwuka The Bauchi State Governor, Bala Mohammed has appreciated the sacrifice of the Nigerian Army and troops of the 3 Division, saying that they have laid down their lives for the service of humanity and the country. The Governor said for internal security not to be overrun by terrorists, the Army has done a good job by containing the excesses of insurgents. Bala Mohammed stated this on Wednesday in Bauchi State while playing host to the General Officer Commanding (GOC), 3 Division Nigerian Army and Commander Operation SAFE HAVEN (OPSH), Major General Abdulsalami Ibrahim during a courtesy visit at the Government House. He said rather than criticism, the Army should be commended for keeping vigilance, securing the country against miscreants, charlatans and criminal elements. Speaking in a statement sent to our correspondent by the Acting Deputy Director, Army Public Relations 3 Division, Lieutenant Colonel Ishaku Takwa, the Governor noted that the security of lives and properties remained his top most priority, pledging his continuous support to the security agencies whom he described as the pillars upon which democratic structures are built. ALSO READ: Rivers: INEC distributes sensitive election materials to 3 LGAs Regarding the forthcoming general elections, he urged security agencies to ensure peaceful conduct of the elections, urging them to remain impartial. The statement reads that the GOC informed that the significance of cooperation and support to the security agencies in the wake of security challenges cannot be overemphasized,  noting that troops have remained resolute and professional in discharging their roles to contain the challenges. He thanked the government and people of the area for their support that have always given the security agencies  victory over the enemies. However, while addressing the troops, General Abdulsalami warned that the soldiers have no business with the elections but to go to their respective pulling units and exercise their franchise. He charged the troops to always remain resolute, dogged and professional in the discharge of their roles. Takwa in the statement had said the GOC was on a familiarization visit to troops locations under his command and had inspected facilities in 301 Artillery Regiment, General Support Gombe, 33 Artillery Brigade Bauchi and also paid courtesy visit to Headquarters Nigerian Army Armoured Corps Bauchi.  