  A support group in Anioma, Delta state under the auspices of VICM has adopted Peter Obi, the Labour Party presidential candidate as its preferred candidate in today’s presidential election. It is a self-sponsored people’s movement whose singular goal is to enforce the actualization of Peter Obi’s 2023 presidential mandate. They have vowed to win and deliver a landslide victory for Peter Obi and the Labour Party in Anioma regardless of the fact that Anioma has predominantly been dominated by the PDP through the past decades. The Vice-Presidential Candidate of the PDP who is also the current Governor of Delta State, His Excellency Ifeanyi Okowa, hails from this region. The group has also donated campaign materials worth Millions of Naira, which were distributed to different support groups of Peter Obi whose activities are operated within the Anioma territory. READ ALSO: Ebonyi APC dumps Tinubu, adopts Peter Obi This historic event took place at Ubulu Okiti Community located in Aniocha South Local Government Area of Delta state. Comrade Kennedy Iyere was physically present at the event and through his own influence, several notable allies of Peter Obi were connected through the telephone to speak with the leaders of the VICM Coalition Group, being a way of showing their gratitude towards the group’s ardent support for Peter Obi. Those prominent persons who spoke with the group include Pa Ayo Adebanjo (Leader of Afenifere), Prof Pat Utomi (Peter Obi’s Principal Political Adviser), Dr Pogu Bitrus (Chairman, Middle Belt Forum), Dr. Katch Onunuju (Special Adviser to Peter Obi on Public Affairs), Dr Tanko Yunusa (Chief Spokesperson to Peter Obi), Paul Obazele, Veteran Nollywood Actor, Barr Julius Abure (National Chairman of Labour Party and the National Secretary of LP. Meanwhile, the group has elected Barr Anthony Okwuokei to serve in the capacity of Chief Liaison Officer, who in this position will represent and act for several other illustrious “Aniomas”, who have chosen to become anonymous for obvious reasons. They are the group’s joint sponsors and also the facilitators of its various political activities. 