    Ahead of the 2023 general elections, the former Sierra Leone President, Mr. Mike Koroma today 23 February 2023 led Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) election Monitoring Team to the Defence Headquarters (DHQ) in Abuja. Elated over the warm reception accorded to him and other members of the ECOWAS Election team, the former Sierra Leone leader stated that the mission of the team is to observe the conduct of the upcoming 2023 elections with a view of actualizing a hitch-free electoral process. Mr. Mike Koroma pointed out that it is customary for ECOWAS to support its member states, especially now a big brother country like Nigeria prepares to go to the polls to elect its leaders. He further said that in the course of observing the electoral process, the team has had engagement with critical stakeholders, including the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), civil-society and security agencies so as to have a conducive atmosphere for a peaceful, free and fair elections. READ ALSO: Imo: INEC takes delivery of sensitive materials from CBN, begins distribution to LGAs The Head of ECOWAS monitoring team identified the issues of fuel scarcity and difficulty experienced by the masses to obtain new naira currency as a contending threat to the elections, but however expressed hope that there is a strong determination by stakeholders to achieve a hitch-free election. In a remark at the occasion, the Chief of Defence Staff (CDS), General Lucky Irabor expressed his delight over hosting the former Sierra Leone President and other members of the ECOWAS team. READ ALSO: Election: NSCDC deploys 1,836 personnel in Plateau He recalled his peace keeping mission days in Sierra Leone during the regin of Mike Koroma; and noted that the former leader did his best to ensure a peaceful democratic transition. He described him as a role model in Africa. Regarding   the maintenance of security during the elections, General Irabor explained that the Nigeria Police Force being a lead security agency with other para-military agencies at the forefront will have residual support of members of the armed forces. He emphasized that the military will remain at the background of the election as demanded by the constitution which requires military aid in support of civil authority. The CDS expressed optimism over the readiness of military and other security agencies to leave up to the expectation of Nigerians during the elections. He assured the ECOWAS team of a hitch-free and successful electioneering process.   