    Pep Guardiola’s Manchester City could be at the risk of being expelled from the Premier League after the Etihad club had being charged with more than 100 breaches of its financial rules. National Daily can confirm that the Citizens have been referred to an independent commission over alleged breaches between 2009 and 2018 by the Premier League. Following a four-year investigation, the Premier League have accused City of breaching rules requiring them to provide ‘accurate financial information that gives a true and fair view of the club’s financial position’. This information covered club revenue, sponsorship income and operating costs, with further breaches relating to details surrounding player and manager remuneration between 2009 and 2018. The Premier League also accused Man City of failing to cooperate and assist with the investigation. ‘The proceedings before the Commission will, in accordance with Premier League Rule W.82, be confidential and heard in private,’ a statement read. ‘Under Premier League Rule W.82.2, the Commission’s final award will be published on the Premier League’s website.’ Manchester City have been the dominant force in English football in recent years, lifting the Premier League in four of the last five seasons. However, the club will face an uncertain future if found guilty of the financial breaches, with the commission able to impose various punishments on offending clubs. These include expulsion from the Premier League, the stripping of previous titles, points deductions, transfer bans, spending limits and fines. Manchester City could even lose their manager if they are found guilty, with Pep Guardiola threatening to quit when UEFA previously made accusations against the club. In 2020, UEFA ruled that Manchester City committed ‘serious breaches’ of Financial Fair Play between 2012 and 2016. However, the Court of Arbitration for Sport overturned a two-year ban from European competitions later in the year. Speaking in August 2020, Guardiola said: ‘I said to our people, “Tell me” about the suspicions. I looked at them and believed them 100 per cent from day one so I defended the club because of that. ‘I did say, “If you lie to me, the day after I am not here. I will be out and you will not be my friend any more”. ‘I like to represent a club that is doing things properly. In the end, it’s not about winning the Champions League or Premier League, it’s about always doing it well, for our people and our fans. ‘What CAS said meant a lot. It broke all the suspicion. I can not forget that nine teams in the Premier League pushed to sack Manchester City from European competitions, I know who they are.’ Manchester City are currently second in the Premier League but their title defence suffered a blow at the weekend as they were beaten by Tottenham. 