   England international Jude Bellingham has ruled out a move to Stamford Bridge following the Premier League club’s unprecedented January spending spree. The north London club had smashed the British transfer record to secure Enzo Fernandez from Benfica on deadline day with Graham Potter’s squad already looking unrecognisable from what he inherited from his predecessor Thomas Tuchel in September. National Daily has reported that the Blues overall recruited eight new players over the course of the last month to the tune of well over £300million. Potter’s headache now is the unenviable task to assemble a settled starting XI while establishing a style of play and maintaining unity in a dressing room that was already showing signs of discontent during a dismal run of form either side of the World Cup. Though there is still the second half of the current season to navigate, plans to continue spending in the summer are already underway with Chelsea still hopeful of bringing significant players in the likes of Bellingham to Stamford Bridge. And with Borussia Dortmund reluctantly appearing to be ready to accept that the future of the England international lies elsewhere, the fight is boiling down to the Premier League elite and Real Madrid. Meanwhile, National Daily learnt from the claim by Bild that Bellingham has dismissed the possibility of a move to Stamford Bridge as a consequence of the erratic spending that has left Potter with a delicate balancing act. Though Chelsea have already begun shedding midfielders from their squad with Jorginho joining Arsenal on deadline day and the likes of Ruben Loftus-Cheek likely to depart in the summer. However, former Chelsea striker Chris Sutton, is of the opinion that the Blues have made a disastrous error with Jorginho’s exit. ‘I’m surprised he’s gone to Arsenal and Chelsea are helping Arsenal,’ former Premier League striker Sutton told the Daily Mail. ‘I think, from Arsenal’s point of view, he may be the signing which helps him win the Premier League. I think that he’s a really talented player. ‘This looks like a compromise because they’re saying “we’re not going to get Moises Caicedo and we’re not going to get Declan Rice in this window”. At 31 it’s a good piece of business, for £10m or £12m it’s cheap as chips. ‘From Arsenal’s point of view, that’s a 10/10 signing. I really think that’s a no brainer and a smart piece of business.’ 