  Member of the Lagos House of Assembly representing Oshodi Isolo Constituency 2 Hon.Jude Idimogu has berated the naira note swap policy, embarked upon by the Governor of Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) describing it as a wrong timed move purely targeted at the APC presidential candidate Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu. The lawmaker said that Nigeria been a cash based economy, needs a gradual approach till when the old notes fizzled out of the system as against the drastic change that is bringing untold hardships on the masses. “The so called policy is targeted personally at Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, with due respect to Emefiele this happen to be a wrong time policy targeted at Asiwaju.
“ Nigeria is a cash based economy, issue of cashless policy ought to be gradual, imagine the network is not even helping the situation, it is hanging, before bringing any policy the hundreds of millions of populations that will be affected ought to be a basis for concern. It is an obnoxious policy, if Emefiele knows that the economy is in shambles, why the hurry with deadline, in other climes such policy are introduced gradually, the affected currency includes money at hand and the major part is in the banks. If about 52 trillion is printed 90 percent revolves within the banking system, why be so concerned about the ones outside in peoples hand, if not for sinister motives? Now people bring in money they can’t get it off the counter, lots of people are suffering, can one pay Danfo drivers and Keke Napep operators with transfers, can items in market be paid for bit by bit with money transfers? You cannot punish over 200million population just to get back at the few politicians, what is the population of the politicians amongst the rest? Just close to 10 percent why put others into needless hardship? Buhari is not an economist or a banker but Emefiele jumps the Finance minister who actually superintend on such matter and could have queried the rationale behind the policy, now everybody is suffering and APC will be worse off for it if not properly managed. I commend the House of Reps and National Assembly for the pressure that led to the adjustment but maybe the criteria or conditions will be spelt out as individuals have no account with CBN. ALSO READ: 2023 Presidency: Southern, Middle Belt leaders endorse Peter Obi The lawmaker also stated that It is unprecedented in Nigeria as election period used to be a time when life seems a little eased for the commoners. “Nigeria has now become a Fuji House of Commotion,when election is coming the government ease the economy, my President please have a rethink,” Idimogu pleaded. The lawmaker also called on power brokers within the APC to close ranks and stop desecration the sanctity of the party. “I appeal to President Mohammadu Buhari to ensure the APC grows bigger as the case stands of the evident divisive tendencies are not managed well it will lead to crisis. “The President should not obviously come and be supporting one against the other but I see nothing wrong in him supporting his party’s presidential candidate, being a card carrying member of APC. “I urge all leaders in APC to close ranks, together let’s work for the success of the candidate- Asiwaju.” Said Idimogu. He added that if the party loses election many interest will be affected as all political party are struggling for power which does not come free. He however, called on his people from the Igbo extraction resident in Lagos not to fight their landlord who have prior being so accommodating and affectionate towards them, noting that it ought to be a pay back time via massive vote for all APC’s candidates.  