  The Healing Streams Live Healing Services are special services organized by the Healing School to bring the healing power of our Lord Jesus Christ to many worldwide, regardless of their location. These special services are orchestrated by the Holy Spirit to bring divine health to those that require healing in any aspect of their life. It is an online global prodigy that has caused manifold blessings in the lives of many around the world The next edition of this special healing crusade is scheduled to take place on March 17, 18 & 19, 2023, at 3 p.m. (GMT+1) daily. It will once again be a time for millions of people around the world to receive divine healing from diverse diseases and afflictions and complete restoration in every situation. The healing power of God will be coming to every man’s world and meeting them at the point of their needs. It will be a three-day of triumph and awesome testimonies. Be the first to register and confirm your participation today at www.healingstreams.tv/LHS The streams of healing flow around the world transforming lives and restoring joy through every segment of the Live Healing Services. The enrapturing worship segments have wrought creative miracles, and more testimonies have been birthed as live testifiers share their divine encounters through the ministrations of the man of God, Pastor Chris. One such triumphant tale is that of Rowena from the Philippines who had been diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer. For a long time, she had difficulty breathing, could not walk unaided, and experienced fatigue regularly. When the man of God ministered to her during the Healing Streams Live Healing Services, her health was restored, and the disease was dispelled in the Name of Jesus. Now, she is healed! She breathes and walks normally now. She is full of life and grateful to the Lord for her miracle!  Testimonies and miracles received from the Healing Streams Live Healing Services with Pastor Chris are inexhaustible and indeed an unforgettable experience for many. Ankunda is another such testifier. In December 2021, Ankunda was rendered incapacitated after an assailant attacked. She underwent X-rays which found a broken spine and disc fractures in her. Her moment of tranquility came during the July 2022 Healing Streams Live Services with Pastor Chris where she received divine health and healing! “The March 2023 edition of the Healing Streams Live Healing Services will be an avalanche of miracles. There’s going to be a wave of the miraculous. Everyone needs to start praying and fasting towards to the program”- Pastor Benny Hinn. In preparation for the March Healing Streams Live Healing Services with Pastor Chris, there’s a special prayer program available for you and your loved ones to get yourselves stirred and ready for the miraculous. With the Prayer Clouds; an exciting feature on the Healing Streams Virtual Centre, you can organize prayer meetings with your invitees and your loved ones by picking a 15-minute prayer slot at www.healingstreams.tv/prayer Divine health is an inheritance for every Christian. Teachings on the glorious life in the Lord Jesus Christ are also a high point of the Live Healing Services. Pastor Chris will also be sharing deep insights as led by the Holy Spirit, preparing the children of God for the second coming of Jesus Christ. During this edition of the program, healing will proliferate in every nation, every city, every home and every hospital! “I hope you’re getting ready for Healing Streams Live Healing Services in March. It’s going to be a great one, it’s going to be big! Because so many around the world will be healed. Their lives changed forever. ” ~Pastor Chris Oyakhilome.      