 A spokesperson of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Presidential Campaign Council, Kola Ologbodiyan, on Wednesday said that the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, allegedly sent emissaries to the camp of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Presidential Campaign Council (PDP-PCC), begging Atiku to withhold the to threat “to go to court to prove that Asiwaju Bola Tinubu is a convicted drug baron”, and “to stop him from being elected Nigerian President on that score on the ticket of the All Progressives Congress (APC)”. Kola Ologbodiyan, speaking on The Morning Show on ARISE NEWS Television  on Wednesday, had disclosed that the PDP is “already putting together all its papers to push on with the matter”, saying that “it would be dangerous for a person like the former Governor of Lagos State to preside over Nigeria as the number one citizen”. Ologbodiyan “wondered how such a rapprochement could work, when Tinubu, himself, whom he described as the leader of the pack, was the main instigator of the aggression against Atiku and the PDP campaigns”. Ologbodiyan dismissed the suit the APC Presidential Campaign Council (APC-PCC), filed through the spokesperson, Festus Keyamo, against Atiku. He had declared: “To the best of my knowledge in the campaign, I’m not aware, because as at last night, I don’t think that we have been served and nobody has told me that there are court documents that are hanging around our campaigns of service. “But I’m also aware that on the Colombian matter and the drug-related issue, concerning the forfeiture of $460,000 and the fact that a court convicted Senator Ahmed Bola Tinubu, our people are in court. “I am also not unaware about emissaries being sent around on the need for issues to be resolved amicably and for the campaigns to continue. I am also not unaware about some people running around in the court to find out where the matter is. “When I said that emissaries are being sent, it is directly proportional to the fact that emissaries are being sent to our campaign on the need to leave all those issues and concentrate on the campaigns on the need to create a harmony between the Atiku campaign and Bola Ahmed Tinubu campaign. “We are also aware of the people going around the courts to go and search where the matter is being filed. But they should wait for it, whether Nigerians will allow a convicted personality to be their President. “At any rate, the songs on the street are clear to listeners and even the campaigns as you can see gradually, the campaign of Tinubu has collapsed, internally and outwardly. “So, we’re not bothered about those allegations. We’re not bothered about getting hirelings and going around to hire blackmailers to come after Atiku. “We’re not bothered. Atiku was Vice President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, who has been investigated, and not one indictment has been found, and not one conviction has been found. But when the Tinubu people come out to the public arena to speak, what I normally ask myself is that do these people have a process of checking themselves? Do they do due diligence upon themselves before they come to the public arena?” Ologbodiyan, former PDP national publicity Secretary, was of the view that Tinubu is the architect of the attacks, saying that the “Atiku campaign would never shirk the responsibility of defending him, having been the major victim of the attacks”. He said that “the former Vice President remains the candidate of Nigerians, whom everybody was rallying around to make their President”. Ologbodiyan reiterated his comment on the emissaries. According to him, “I can repeat it over and over that emissaries are being sent. There’s no argument about that – that you people should drop all these allegations and all that. “However, the leader of the pack, at every opportunity will still go after Atiku Abubakar. Speak to Nigerians on what you want to do. Come to Arise TV and let Nigerians ask you questions. Choose to even go to TVC and let Nigerians see you engaging in 10-minutes debate. They’ll run away; they can’t bring up their principal.” Source: Arise TV 