    Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has suffered yet another blow ahead of Manchester United’s mouth-watering clash with Barcelona National Daily can confirm. United are slated to visit the Camp Nou on Thursday for the first leg of their hotly-anticipated Europa League play-off. Meanwhile, National Daily understands that United’s latest signing Marcel Sabitzer has joined Lisandro Martinez in being suspended for the clash. And while Xavi Hernandez will be without midfield general Sergio Busquets and high-flying winger Ousmane Dembele, Ten Hag has also learned that he will be missing a key duo of his own. It’s long been known that Argentine defender Martinez won’t feature in Spain after picking up three yellow cards in the group stage. Though many fans and pundits had thought that the Argentine’s third booking came during United’s 1-0 win away to Real Sociedad would have been avoided after considering it a soft decision. But now the World Cup winner will be joined on the sidelines by Sabitzer, after his three bookings in the Champions League group stage were carried over to the Europa. The Austrian midfielder, who recently joined the Red Devils on loan until the end of the campaign, was yellow carded three times while playing for parent club Bayern Munich earlier this season. And as outlined by UEFA rule 52.03, Sabitzer is banned from facing Barcelona in the first leg but can play when the two European heavyweights meet again at Old Trafford a week later on the 23rd. That’s the same predicament which Martinez finds himself in, giving Ten Hag two selection headaches ahead of the trip.] However, midfield linchpin Casemiro will likely partner Brazilian compatriot Fred in midfield. Though Sabitzer’s omission may appear not to be a major blow but it suggests that United may not be able to call on any senior midfielders from the bench. Christian Eriksen and Donny van de Beek have been sidelined until April and next season respectively, while Scott McTominay has missed the last five matches through injury. 