 The presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2023 general elections, former Vice President Atiku Abubakar, at the PDP presidential campaign at the Sani Abacha Stadium, Kano, Kano State, on Thursday, promised to return Kano State to its pride of industry and entrepreneur in the new government of the country. Atiku added that he would empower youths and women in the state for effective economic participation and restore Kano as a leading commercial centre, including agricultural producers.  Atiku had declared: “We shall provide road infrastructure that will link Kano to all the neighbouring states. We will make sure that university lecturers are paid so that our children will continue to go to school. I have also pledged to set some funds aside for youths and women to receive loans to set up their small and medium business enterprises for self-employment.  “We are pleased to meet with you today and we cannot believe that you are so many and in thousands supporting PDP. We have known that Kano is PDP. We thank you for coming out in your numbers to support us. “Kano has always been the centre of commerce in Nigeria. When PDP returns to power, we will make sure that Kano becomes a leading commercial centre in the country. “We shall open the borders. We shall also ensure that Kano State is secured so that you can do your business without fear. “The people of Kano are also known for farming. So, if you elect me, I will support the agricultural sector and improve the business activities of the people. We will make Agriculture a priority.” Atiku expressing delight to the mammoth crowd at the campaign wrote on his official twitter handle: Atiku Abubakar @atiku “Kano, as a city of commerce, finds an appeal in our mission to #RecoverNigeria. Recovery means returning Kano to its place of pride in industry and entrepreneurship. “On behalf of my team, I wish to share my deepest appreciation to the people of Kano for such a large turnout.” -AA The PDP National Chairman, Iyorchia Ayu, pointed out some failures of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). “They brought another problem; they changed the currency. We did not tell them to change the currency but they did it themselves. “They have not thought about how it will affect the poor. But we the PDP will come to rescue Nigeria,” Ayu had said. Channels TV 