  …as PLS defeat beckons George Olawande Adegeye, the Labour Party Reps Candidate in Amuwo-Odofin Federal constituency is allegedly been tailed for attack by the All Progressives Congress mobilized thugs at a particular hotel he is lodged. As revealed through a statement issued by the Media and Strategic Communication Bureau of Omogeye Campiagn Organization, the said planned attack was hatched having seen his imminent victory at poll. “This plan is obviously in connection with the fact that he is leading with a very wide and irreversible margin in today’s election. The electorates trooped out in their large numbers even under unpalatable conditions to reaffirm their love for him and entrusted their mandates with him. “Though we have so much trust in the INEC National Chairman but we are suspecting that some section of INEC in Amuwo Odofin might want to compromise the process. The general public should know that we are in possession of preliminary results which already shows that George Olawande Adegeye, the Labour Party Reps Candidate is leading with unprecedented margin. Prince Lanre Sanusi the All Progressives Congress Reps candidate was fingered as the one behind the evil plot, with a clear motive of subverting the people’s will as he clearly has no stake to protect in Amuwo Odofin. “The results also shows that the Labour Party Candidate won Lanre Sanusi, the APC Candidate in all his acclaimed strongholds including his polling unit and ancestral home. “We have it on good authority that the APC Reps candidate already planned to mobilize thugs to cause havoc in different communities when he looses the election. We have no reason to doubt this plans because he has no stake in Amuwo Odofin Federal Constituency. “We are also at a loss why BVAS suddenly stopped uploading declared polling units results in selected areas? We are using this medium to alert the general public that some INEC officials are possible collaborators with the two failed major political parties. “We want peace to keep reigning in Amuwo Odofin Federal Constituency. So let no one or group of people mutilate or derail the wishes of the people as demonstrated through the ballot boxes.” The statement reads.  