 The Head of Media of Bola Ahmed Tinubu For President 2023, Ibidapo Thomas, a campaign support group headed by the Director General, Fola Tinubu, in this interview with National Daily in Ikeja, Lagos, said that the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, is an enigma, and embodiment of vision. He highlighted that development track record of Tinubu in Lagos State, and said that this is what Tinubu is taking to the national level. Excerpts.  To what extent has your group  accomplish your task of grassroots mobilisation for your presidential candidate? We have covered several places in Lagos State.  In our first trip, we covered Ojodu Berger, First Gate, down to Seven Up and the environs. The second trip started from Maryland Local Government; we went to Abule Nla, Iponri, made a detour to Stadium Barrack, then to Ikorodu Road, WAEC Office, Ebite Metta, Sabo, Iwaya road and ended in Ikeja. Our third trip started from Ojo to Iba, Sawmill, Ijanikin, towards Agbara, Alaba International, Okokomaiko, Abule. Amuwo Odofin, Mile 2. Our fourth trip took us to Oshodi, Isolo, PWD, Shogunle, Ladipo, Airport Road, Ajao, etc. Our next trip will be to the Island. We will also cover the southwest. With minimal exceptions, Lagos has been unusually calm, peaceful during the electioneering campaign, how did you manage such situation? The reason there is calmness in Lagos is because there is maturity and tolerance in the politics of the Southerners. And given that the southerners are tolerant of everyone, we can be living together, you can be Labour Party, I can be APC, what we often do is to engage each other, to prove intelligently why my party is better off than yours. That is how we engage in the Southwest. Southerners don’t engage in politics of violence; we are more matured than that. What we often do is to engage, put views together and prove intelligently why my own views are better off. Having said that, Lagos is an APC state. We have been consistent since 1999 to this moment, and what we have done so far is a proven fact, everybody knows Lagos State now has its own indigenous train. Lagos development since 1999 to this moment has been massive from Asiwaju Bola Tinubu to Babatunde Fashola, Akinwumi Ambode, to the present Governor, saleable Babajide Sanwo-Olu; Lagos has been continually developing. And Lagos will keep developing because Lagos State development idea is knowledge-based. That is why Lagos State keeps developing beyond others and we have a consistent plan, Lagos has its own blueprint for development. Since Lagos is the home of APC, do you perceive threat from any other party or candidate? Other parties, apart from the APC, are bunch of jokers in Lagos State. The reason is this, the people know the party that has been there for them, the people know APC. What we have done so far has proved that APC is the party to beat in the state. Virtually every part of Lagos State has been developed far beyond people’s belief. Development has been astronomical in this state – be it infrastructure, education, health, well being of the people, lifestyle, entertainment, security – Lagos State has been there for the people. That is why you cannot see any other party contest with APC in Lagos State. All those that have been contesting, there are many politicians, they can’t withstand APC in this state of Lagos, the Southwest as a whole, and Nigeria at large. Would you consider APC to have major breakthrough in the Tribunal judgement that restored Oyetola as elected governor in Osun State? Concerning the verdict of the tribunal in Osun State, I will plead with the people of Osun State to be calm and to be matured in all this. This is a small victory, in my opinion. Adeleke is still going to challenge us in this case and we are going to the Court of Appeal and up to the Supreme Court. It is a win, no doubt, but that being said, this win is just a little win, in my view. There is still going to be a lot of fighting in the court. But I want to advise the members of our party and the APC in Osun State that they should celebrate this with caution and be civil and show maturity with the people.  Going forward, APC is taking over Nigeria and is going to turn it around for success. And you think your presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, has the blueprint to turn Nigeria around? Asiwaju Bola Tinubu is an enigma. Lagos is an instance of track record of what Asiwaju Tinubu has done. It is a reality that our policies in Lagos State under the watch of Tinubu has been replicated in an average of 23 states out of the 36 states in the country. For example, in Lagos State since 1999, no student that is able to write GCE and WAEC pays a kobo, the exams are free in Lagos. Secondly, in Lagos State, if you are less than 10 years and over 55 years, it is free medical services in General Hospitals. Thirdly, in Lagos State, the government introduced what is now called the Rapid Response Squad (RRS). The RRS is to is to offer a comprehensive security service to protect residents of Lagos State, to grow Lagos State. Amidst the opportunities in Lagos, security is paramount for anyone to achieve his/her goals. Fourthly, under the watch of Asiwaju Tinubu, he is the one that introduced LAWMA and LAWMA has been replicated in an average of 35 states in the country. Those are the policies of Asiwaju Tinubu. What Asiwaju Tinubu has done in respect to development, sustainable growth in the state is visible. The roads that were constructed under the watch of Asiwaju Tinubu are still standing till now. For instance, Oregun Road towards Ojota, Yaba – Lawanson Raod, Adeola Odeku/Idejo Road up to Saka Tinubu on the Island, Idowu Taylor, Awolowo Way, were done by Asiwaju Tinubu. It is a known fact that Asiwaju Tinubu is an embodiment of vision and that is what he will take to the national level. 