  It is definitely a pleasant news for fans of the Old Trafford club as two key players are set to return from injury for Barcelona clash. National Daily can confirm that Manchester United will have Antony and Harry Maguire available for selection for their Europa League second leg clash against the Spanish giants at Old Trafford. Antony has missed United’s last four games with a leg injury, not featuring since the 2-1 win over Crystal Palace earlier this month. Meanwhile, Maguire had suffered a knee injury ahead of Sunday’s win over Leicester City but both players are in contention for Thursday’s clash at Old Trafford. ‘W still have training [session] to go but I expect Maguire and Antony available,’ ten Hag told a pre-match press conference on Thursday ‘Anthony Martial is not available. He is back on the pitch but we wait for team training’ Martial has struggled with a hip problem in recent weeks having only returned after a seven game absence off the bench against Nottingham Forest earlier this month. United turned in an impressive performance in the Camp Nou last Thursday, coming from behind after Marcos Alonso’s opener early in the second-half. Marcus Rashford responded with a fine effort five minutes later and created United’s second with Jules Kounde putting past his own goalkeeper. The visitors were pegged back 14 minutes from time when Raphinha’s cross found its way into the back of the net. With Lisandro Martinez and Marcel Sabitzer available after serving suspensions in the first leg, United will be hopeful of booking their place in the last 16 of the Europa League if they can match last week’s performance in Spain. It is the first of two huge games for United this week with the Carabao Cup final against Newcastle United following three days later on Sunday. While it could prove to be a pivotal week in United’s season, ten Hag insists he is not looking ahead to their Wembley trip. ‘The next focus is always on the next game,’ ten Hag said. ‘We have to keep in the same mindset that every day we want to give a better version of ourselves. Against teams like Barcelona we have to give our best to get into the next round.’ 