  Senator Bola Ahmed Tinubu the All Progressives Congress (APC) Presidential Candidate has disclosed why Nigeria under his watch will attain greatness given the template of hard work and commitment offered by President Mohammadu Buhari, in whose foot paths he is ready to thread. Tinubu made this disclosure today 21st of February 2023, at the grand finale of the APC Presidential Rally held in the main bowl of Teslim Balogun Surulere, Lagos, Southwest Nigeria. “Today is not a victory speech, today is a challenging speech, a challenge that I must lay at the foot of Mr. President, he is the President, you can have only one at a time, I heard loud and clear and I can bet you the level of confidence you have in me. “In a distant country, Mr President told them of my characteristics and his faith in my capacity to do a good job as a President of Federal Republic of Nigeria. “I thank him very much only he returned yesterday and said he must come to Lagos to attend this rally and he is doing so. He never minced his words, he never lost his promise. “He promised to give to you the future of this country, to lay it in the hands of you the youths, I want to say thank you very much join me in raising your caps and say thank you. “Mr. President I have much to say God has kept you waiting for too long and it’s done today, but I assure you as you worked hard for me, I will work hard for Nigeria. “As you give Nigerians the hope to renew their faith in their country, I will sustain that hope, I will bring it to you, those who are helpless today will be helpful tomorrow in this country. “All the agenda set in our programme-Renewed Hope Manifesto will be pursued diligently, vigorously with all our energies.  “Please bear with us, I want to thank you in Yoruba language, do you want the presidency? You want me to win? Will you vote? Let me see your hands up, we shall celebrate in Burdillon. “If you don’t vote ,you can not celebrate, vote whether there is money or not, vote.” Tinubu also revealed how Buhari supported the process that churned him out as the President and Kashim Shettima as the preferred Vice President amongst many others. “President Muhammadu Buhari GCFR,thank you for today, thank you for the past and thank you for tomorrow. “You set our foots on the path to the future, to walk on typical and achieve greatness because it is desirable for Nigeria to be great. “But you said for anybody to succee)d you, he or she must walk tall, must follow the law, that the election must be very transparent and that your party will be shinning like a sword standing on the mountain. ALSO READ: Just before the elections “Thank you Mr President you follow the procedure, you encouraged all of us, the primary came, the vote cast and we all waited anxiously and I won the vote. “You didn’t ask them to reverse it based upon my religion, you didn’t ask them to alter it based upon my tribe, you didn’t ask them to change it because I was not from your village in Daura, you celebrated the victory with me and said to me, congratulations. “ I came to you to nominate for me just exactly like I did to you in 2019, the President but instead of giving me the same boy you said no, you know better, you are experienced better you know those Nigerian, you know who you want to work with, go and search if you have not done so and bring one. “You did gave me the courage, the confidence and the reason that this country and your leadership, vision and determination is for growth, independence of mind and the capacity to think and perform. “ You encouraged me and after that I now made my choice, I choose one of those I have always known, most knowledgeable. “He has shown perseverance, grit at the time of challenge, it came in the form of Boko Haram, Kashim keep fit and didn’t blink. “He did faced the challenge we all joined him in sympathy, in our donation and whatever little we can contribute but he worked hard. “ He worked his heart out, he protected both the Muslim faith and the Christian faith, stood with the children and was determined to free those girls, we worked together ocn it, I knew him all that time. “Kashim Shettima is a reliable, dependable and courageous man”. Tinubu affirms.”  In separate good will messages, the Governor of Lagos State, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu lauded the turn out of Lagosians for the rally, while promising a transformational dispensation once re-elected. “I acknowledge every one for coming out enmasse, Asiwaju you can see Lagos here for you and Shettima. “I want to thank you for believing in the Progressive, this affirms that this dispensation we will move forward, Lagos remain the center piece of the country. You have come out enmasse to show that the City Boy is a lover of Nigerians.” Senator Oluremi Tinubu, wife to the APC presidential candidate was also full of appreciation for the turn out. “ We are now at a very crucial stage after a long and hard campaign and God has been faithful, you all have been here in spite of the fact that you have no food or drink. “We have been consistent for the past 26 years. Asiwaju is coming because he saw a need for a new Nigeria, you can count on my husband he will not derail. “ I will be there to keep him on track always, vote Tinubu, Shettima , vote Sanwo-Olu vote for all APC candidates”. The Director General of the APC Presidential Campaign Council (PCC), Governor of Plateau State Simon Lalong was also quick to add that the rally marks an home coming for the city boy after a tedious electioneering campaigns all around Nigeria. “Mr. President we are using this opportunity to just escort the city boy back home, it’s like we are already celebrating the victory. “Next week, you will not be a city boy again but the Seriki of Garki Abuja. “Today it is very obvious that before the election a new President is made, given President Mohammadu Buhari being the PCC chairman. “ The APC National Chairman Abdullahi Adamu however, spoke so glowingly about the rigorous but successful campaigns embarked upon by his party. “ We thank God for the successful campaigns, going by the turn out in all states toured, we can say we have arrived, we have a President who will succeed President Mohammadu Buhari. “Our prayer is that the good works continues but we need your votes to make this happen. “By this time on Saturday we want to see that the dice is cast and we have a President in waiting to be installed May 29th.” Said Adamu. President Mohammadu Buhari in a very short speech, raised the hands of both Tinubu and Shettima wishing them success, while reaffirming the fact that Shettima is a committed Nigerian, who can be trusted to bolster positive development across the nation. Other dignitaries who graced the rally are: Senate President Senator Ahmed Lawan, Speaker House of Representatives Rt.Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila and his wife,Governors of Kogi, Kebbi,Gombe,Ekiti,Niger and their wives, former Governors of Osun, Ogun,Bauchi,Ekiti,Zamfara,Borno states and Deputy Governor of Lagos State Dr.Obafemi Hamzat, Senator Olorunnimbe Mamora and others. The Lagos State APC Chairman Pastor Cornelius Ojelabi, Senator Ganiyu Olanrewaju Solomon also led the state Campaign council to the epoch making event.  