 Sudan on Wednesday reaffirmed its commitment to deepen bilateral relations with Nigeria in the aviation sector. The Sudanese ambassador to Nigeria, Mr Mohamed Abdelmannan, made the reaffirmation when he spoke with the News Agency of Nigeria in Abuja. He noted that while Sudan-Nigeria diplomatic relations was established since Nigeria’s independence in 1960, cooperation between both countries would deepen through air transportation to achieve more meaningful growth. “We are working to have direct flights between Nigeria and Sudan in this regard. “We have direct flight now coming from Khartoum to Kano, but we do not have fight from Nigeria to Sudan. “We are working to have direct flights for passengers and cargo between Khartoum and Abuja and negotiation is on-going between Sudanese civil aviation and Nigerian civil aviation authorities.’’ he said. Abdelmannan said a licence was issued to a Nigerian carrier, Nissers Sky AirPower to fly between Abuja and Khartoum. “This will also boost relations between Sudan and Nigeria and ease traffic between people of both countries. “All these issues can also add to benefits of the African continent as a whole. “We are part of this continent; solving any problem between us can bring about meaningful growth across Africa,’’ he added. The envoy also told NAN that in educational relations with Nigeria; about 10,000 Nigerians are currently studying in Sudanese universities. He said there was also the possibility of cooperation in oil and gas. “Nigeria is an oil-producing country and Sudan also has little quantity of oil production; so cooperation in this field can be mutually beneficial. “Also, human resources development between the two countries can deepen cooperation to improve capacities of people in all fields of relations between both countries,’’ he said. He said measures were also being put in place to promote cultural exchanges between the two countries. According to him, such exchanges will help to promote participation in cross-cultural events that showcase the traditions, cultures and heritages of Sudan in Nigeria. “We have participated in cultural exhibitions here and we have also held exhibitions by the Sudanese community. “We have very big Sudanese community in Nigeria and every time they find the opportunity, they try to show the culture, tradition and civilisation of Sudan. “Nigerians are always welcome in Sudan, not only as traders and businessmen, but can also go as tourists. There are many tourist sites in Sudan. “We expect Nigerians to participate in Sudanese exhibitions such as the Khartoum trade fair. We invite Nigerian businessmen and women and companies to the trade fair,’’ Abdelmannan said.  Source – NAN 