    Former Brazil international and ex-Chelsea winger Willian who left Stamford Bridge three years ago had made an emotional promise to the Stamford Bridge fans. The 34-year-old had scored 63 goals and made 62 assists in his 339 games for the Blues while winning two Premier League titles, the FA Cup, the League Cup and the Europa League National Daily can confirm. And three years on from leaving Stamford Bridge, National Daily understands that the Brazilian still has great affection for the west London club and is looking forward to going back to the Bridge – though hopes his new side will emerge victorious again. Willian has promised not to celebrate if he scores for Fulham against Chelsea when he plays at Stamford Bridge for the first time in two years. The Cottagers travel to the Blues on Friday night, just three weeks after the last west London derby which Marco Silva’s side won 2-1. Veteran winger Willian scored the opening goal in that match but refused to celebrate against his former club Chelsea, having enjoyed seven trophy-laden years there. The former Brazil international scored 63 goals and made 62 assists in 339 games for the Blues, winning two Premier League titles, the FA Cup, the League Cup and the Europa League. Three years on from leaving the club, Willian still has great affection for them and is looking forward to going back to the Bridge – though hopes his new side will emerge victorious again. ‘I was on the bench when I was with Arsenal there, so tomorrow will be my first game back after two years,’ the 34-year-old told Fulhamfc.com. ‘It’s a special game. Against Chelsea, one of the biggest clubs in the world, it’s always special when you play against this kind of team. ‘And also for me, it will be a very special game because I used to play for them, for seven years, so I have a big respect for them, and the people who work for the club as well. ‘It will be a good one for me. Good memories I have there, I spent a lot of years playing at the Bridge, and tomorrow will be a very special night for me. ‘Because of that, I didn’t celebrate when I scored against them [at Craven Cottage], and if I score again tomorrow it will be the same. I will not celebrate because I have a big respect for all of them.’ Fulham have exceeded expectations since returning to the top-flight and are currently seventh in the table, two points ahead of Chelsea but having played a game more. Willian has played a big part in that success, with his two goals and three assists not really doing justice to the performances he has put in. He has also been reunited with former Arsenal teammate Cedric Soares who moved to Craven Cottage on loan on deadline day and could well make his Fulham debut on Friday. ‘He’s a nice guy! I spent one year with him at Arsenal,’ Willian added. ‘He’s a great man and he is here to help us, so I’m looking forward to doing that all together.’ 